to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Picture Billy Joel's “Piano Man” DOUBLED mixed with beer, a rowdy crowd, and comedy - Welcome to Sing Sing!  A unique musical experience found in Homestead.  If you're looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer, come on in!  Serving food and brews from Rock Bottom Brewery, Sing Sing keeps your tummy full while you listen to two (or more) amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests.  They'll play anything you'd like, for tips of course.  Wanting to hear Britney Spears?  Toto?  Duran Duran?  Yep, they play that... new or old.  The crowd makes the show, so make sure you come ready for a good time.  If the crowd is dead, it's harder for the Guys to get a reaction.  If you're wanting to have some fun, it can be a GREAT time!  It's the perfect place for Birthday parties - especially if you want to embarrass a friend.  The guys will bring them up to the pianos and perform a little ditty.  For being a good sport, you get the coveted Sing Sing bumper sticker.  Now who wouldn't want that?  Dueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Mediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Ok! Let me tell you about my bad experience first. I went to D&B last night for a post wedding party - which, side note, is a great idea!  It was around midnight and the bar wasn't really populated. There were three bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to see if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me.   I stood there for about 5 minutes, which for a busy bar is fine but when I am the only one with my card out then, it just seems a little ridiculous. I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away. I finally had to walk to them to get their attention.  I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn't ask if i need anything. I finally said, “Are you working?” and they gave each other a weird look. I felt like i was the crazy one. I asked for a beer/got the beer.  In between that time, the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took a fry from the plate (right in front of me) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell! I felt like i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks - not an established D&B.   I was just really turned off from that experience.   The good is that D&B provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up. I remember going here with my grandparents when I was a kid and it was the best treat ever! We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me.   It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I used to love D&B when it first opened in the Waterfront, but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now, it is run down and many of the games are app related games (Fruit Ninja) and 3D Experience rides. With such “games”, you can't even earn tickets and they take a lot of tokens! Last time I went, back in the winter, many of the games were broken, which made for a negative player experience. I would go to D&B to play some games again in the future, but it is no longer one of my favorite places to go due to the decline of fun games where you can earn tickets.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Like any Barnes & Noble, it has a nice comfy cafe, and a large selection of books.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They stock a decent selection, and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone, it's nice to walk into one every once in a while.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Meh, I've experienced better is an understatement.  Friday's is like the “fine dining chain” for every yinzer in Pittsburgh...  1.  When we were seated, it was quick which was a surprise.  Somehow this restaurant gets packed and I never understand why.  I was happy about that. 2.  I ordered one of their “skinny margaritas”, blackberry to be exact.  It was a nice size, however, at $6.00/pop, that was half of my food bill. 3.  The waitress started off attentive, but after our food came out she was gone.  I ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard.  Loaded mashed potato on the side because I wanted heartburn ha! 4.  Food came.  My burger had lettuce on it only.  Waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks.  I had to wait to ask for my pickle. 5.  The loaded potatoes were more like rubber than potatoes and not what I was expecting.  Disappointment. 6.  The waitress then went into oblivion and only returned with our check.    Never again will I eat at Friday's.  I will, however, go should a happy hour arise...
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing. , this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Unos has been around for ever, & I feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80's. Honestly the decor inside still kind of looks 80s to me even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.  If you haven't died and he recently I ordered you to come back and have a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good!  They have the best chicken salad wrap ever! I love that rap so much I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from where the Steelers practice all the way to the damn waterfront just because I knew that I could convince my boyfriend to go to Unos with me for lunch.  Full disclosure:  I made him call is a cab and we took a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.  Listen... The food and pizza and service are very good, surprisingly so! I don't know why this place is not busier but next time you're down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Stars are for the food only.    2.5 rating  Got there at 8pm on Saturday night, they told us it was an hour wait which was expected, but it only took 30minutes to be seated so that was a bonus.  Started off with the lettuce wraps and i used to be a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now(FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake factory).  I had the Singapore rice noodles.  This was so so as i thought immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better.  The fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw.   Some good notes were the Dynamite shrimp, plump, juicy, tangy with a small kick.    Sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick.   The service was annoying.   We were there less than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in a rush to get us out of there.   Constantly asking if he could remove my plate.  I had to sternly say at one point that I will let you know when i am finished.  I found it rude especially since  there wasn't even a line at this point.    I think we will travel elsewhere following a movie.  The result never quite met the anticipation.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Our last few visits have left something to desire, One of the things I always notice is the demeanor of an establishments employees. These people look miserable, no one smiles or greets you appropriately, it's more like get in, get out, turn the tables,  The food has remained consistently good... when we can order it. the last time JB and I came for a quick dinner, the place was not busy yet we were passed by 6 frowning waitstaff without getting drinks... for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table (HINT, HINT) so we left and most likely will not be returning.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Very bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
When I think BBB... I think the days of simply bringing your bike in for a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and a few fixes are long gone.      This review is more for the repair end of BBB. In their defense BBB does appear to carry some amazing brands of bike (ie Colnago) that you just don't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh.   At BBB I was charged $250 for a tune up and a few other things. Granted this included installing a sew up tire (which I can understand would cost approx $50), Swapping out a left side (big ring) shifter on my down tube (this should have cost approx. $20 at most) and installing new bar tape (cost of tape $20 and $20 to install?).. SO WHAT”S WITH $140 FOR A TUNE UP? Well the story goes like this:  I bring the bike into BBB prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 5900 ready for the season. Turns out I don't hear from these guys. A week goes by ...two weeks...I think that's ok I have two or three other bike I can turn to for a ride. Then I wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure I'll get a call from them re: my bike is ready to roll...but no dice. So I call. Turns out a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out (is that my fault?). He says “Should be ready in a few days”. So I come in a few days later to this mammoth bill. I ask if I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw? I don't think I ever got a straight answer? I look at the bill and can't see a good breakdown of the charges. Normally I would “duke it over” a bill like this but I figured...I had somewhere I to be 10 minutes ago and at least I finally have my bike. I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over (overhauled). But it wasn't.  Well BBB I'll give you a star because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shifts well and the tape job on the bars looks great (nice wrap). Plus I'll toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe I would have rated BBB higher if I was in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair?
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
My orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Wow. What a shame. My family just moved to the area and have been sampling the local cuisine. We are a very large family and love foods of all kind. We've eaten Chinese food from a hundred different places in a dozen different cities. Hands down, this was the worst we've ever had. Cold, tough, congealed, and tasteless - that's the only way to describe it. I'll never order from here again. Quite frankly, the fact that I took time away from my kids to type this out should tell you how awful it was. My complaints fell on deaf ears. I guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food. I understand that sometimes restaurants crank out bad food. It happens. But when it does, you bend over backwards to make it right. Not at this place. I was told that he would have to speak with the owner in order to help me. I guess that's how they deflect complaints - blame it on the owners that aren't there and make the customer for away angry.  Too bad. Because we will be visiting a competitor in the future. This family of 7 won't be visiting China Sea ever again. Oh, and by the way, why can't I give this place zero stars?
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I fell in love with this place as soon as we pulled up and saw the lights strung up and  oldies coming from the speakers!   I tried the banana cream pie hard ice cream, their scoops are very generous!!   My bf got the peach cobbler hard ice cream and that was to die for! We got 4 servings of ice cream for $10, which nowadays is a steal IMO! :)   I'll definitely be heading back with my coworkers this week!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
This is by far, the BEST soft serve ice cream place in southwestern PA. The “flavor of the week” is always interesting-and tasty! Though, I am somewhat disappointed that they've switched to a lower grade ice milk, for their vanilla and chocolate offerings. I don't know if this is a matter of cutting corners, or if the better stuff simply isn't available any longer. Either way, this place is still leaps and bounds ahead of DQ, Tastee Freeze, etc. It's definitely worth the trip. It's mostly street parking, though they do have about 3-4 parking spaces off to the side. Serving sizes are huge! The small cone here, is the same size as a DQ large. And the large is SO big, they can't fit it through the window-they hand it out the side door.  If you want a real “Kodak moment”-order a large cone for the kids, and keep the camera, and wet wipes handy!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
This is my go-to distributer. They have a great selection and lots of hard to find brews. I haven't noticed that it's any more expensive than going elsewhere but honestly if I don't buy here then I'm buying six packs which as we all know are a huuugggge rip off. So any time I have a case of something I love I feel like I'm getting a bargain. The cold selection does suck so I try to plan ahead and have what I need already cold. Staff here are all very helpful- and will have recommendations if you ask.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Love this beer distributor.  They always have what I'm looking for. The workers are extremely nice and always willing to help. Best one I've seen by far.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition.   We were one of two tables there and a bunch of staff showing up during the meal.   Our waitress was good, but that couldn't save the food.  The meal started out with some what I guess used to be foccacia.  I say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long pieces of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.  We ordered the vegetable board which was probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetables perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauces.   Then we ordered the octopus which was fine, but very cold and the octopus had little to no flavor, being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish.   The tuscan wings were ok, but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them.   Finally the diver scallops.  This dish was indeible.  The scallops were very overcooked and the pea puree was so minty I was unable to eat it. We sent it back and they did take off half of the price (weren't expecting anything just didn't want to eat it).   After that we decided against dessert and left.  I probably will not return.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I went there today! The cut was terrible! I have an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
As a chinese american college student from NYC who got stuck in Pittsburgh with its useless public transportation (circa 1998), I desperately missed home-style Chinese food for the better part of my first two years here. Things turned around for me once I got a car (or made friends with cars), but I was seriously hurting for a while.  Tasty was one of the places we found. Back in the day, it was owned and ran by a typical restaurant-owning Chinese family. They had the works - pushy lao ban niang (boss lady), chef slash dad, and, during school off-hours, junior high school daughter manning the cashier. If they were in NYC, they'd only be missing an ami.... a bus boy. The food was pretty good, and if you order in Chinese, the lao ban niang hooked you up with extras because “your parents teach you good to talk Chineees”.   I'm pretty sure Tasty is under new ownership now. The food isn't as good as it was, but the restaurant still gives off the home-style look and feel. It's a small restaurant with enough seating for about 25-30 patrons. Cheap tables, cheap seats; after all, restaurant extras are just a waste of money. The customers should come back for the food, this *is* a restaurant.  The new waitress is not friendly, but she gets the job done. The food is still good - so if you're craving a home cooked meal, you'll be somewhat satisfied here. Don't expect grandma's cooking, though. Order the vegetables, the mapo tofu is good, beef/chicken chow fun, etc. They have a lot of other staple items on the menu too. Don't get the salted pork chops - save that craving for Orient Kitchen. Try things, and share your thoughts.  Tasty - it's more than your neighborhood take out joint.  - written by a former junior high school daughter cashier
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
This shelter is fantastic and has generally very good, friendly people on staff.  The cats and dogs appear to be treated at least as well as one might expect.  When I adopted one of my cats at this establishment, I had to return the next day to have her spayed.  They did it for free, which was great, but the reason they don't get five stars is that the desk clerk completely forgot about my cat and me, and she left us waiting as she chatted on her cell phone with a friend: she only remembered about us as she was walking out for a smoke and saw us sitting in the lobby.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Our cat recently came down with some health issues that we could not afford to address. He was in pain and we decided the humane thing was to put him to sleep. We went to the ARL and asked the receptionist there if we had any other options available to us. “Well basically the only thing you can do is sign him over for euthanasia” she said in the most uncaring, apathetic voice possible. We were heartbroken of course. “Go wait by that door and someone will meet you.” After a few minutes another woman came out and took the carrier. “I'll bring your carrier back out in a minute.” We said no, that's okay, keep the carrier. She said okay and took our cat to the back. And that was it. No kind words, no sympathetic gestures, no “Would you like a moment before I take him?” No “I'm sorry.” Nothing. For us this was one of the worst days of our lives but nobody at the ARL seemed to care, or at least have been trained to pretend to care, one bit.   They get a couple stars for offering a necessary service. But other than that, this place will only be associated with making a terrible day that much worse with their lack of caring or empathy.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It a lot better than it did in previous years.
Yes! Awesome soy cap, scone, and atmosphere. Nice place to hang out & read, and free WiFi with no login procedure.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better it did in previous years.
The people who work here are very rude. I have gone back a few times thinking it may have just been the person working that day was just a rude person, but no it happen every time. I am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there. It is like you are walking into someone's house and bothering them. The people working behind the counter act like you are interfering with there conversation. Plus it is very dirty. Perhaps the people working there should try cleaning the place instead of talking to each other. I will not go back again.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in years.
I've been here quite a few times, and I always try to like it cause theres a lack of good sports bars near Pitt. They have a ton of nice HDTVs.  Everytime I go, there is always a weird taste to one (or more) of the beers that I get. I was just there for the Pitt/Oakland game and got a Redhook. I drink this beer regularly, and something was wrong with the beer. Its definitely hard to describe, but something is always off (others in my party notice it too).  The food is hit or miss. I got the French onion soup last time. It was good. Nothing ground breaking, but solid soup. I've had the pork nachos and they were blah.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaint about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero grievance about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero allegations about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
The location is convenient but I was not a fan of the food. I had shrimp and Chinese veggies and crab Rangoon. They cut the veggies way too big and the sauce was bland. I won't go back for food but the crab Rangoon was ok. They didn't give any sauce. You have to ask for it. That sucks.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero allegation about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero claims about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero grievances about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero claim about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I cannot sing Tim Walter's praises loud enough.  I have taken my car to him for about 5 years, and I always leave with a new experience attesting to his awesomeness. If you think you might have something wrong with your car that you're not sure what it is, you can just stop by, and he'll usually take a break from what he's working on to get in your car with you and drive for a little bit and then give you his opinion. Then, when he diagnoses your car, he'll explain it to you like you're not an idiot, and he'll make sure you understand what's going on. He's incredibly honest and cares about his customers. For instance, once I had a tire that needed to be replaced but he didn't have it in stock. He told me how much it would cost to have the tire ordered and how long it would take to come in, then he called another shop to see if they had it and asked how much they were charging for it, and he sent me there because it would be cheaper and faster for me than having him order it. The price difference was like ten bucks, so I had him do it because it wasn't an emergency and I'd rather give him my business. He's awesome.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero petitions about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero petition about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complained about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero claiming about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
The first time I came here, I waited in line for 20 minutes.  When it was my turn, I realized I left my wallet in the car.  It hurt so bad, I didn't come back for a year.  I can walk to this place from my house- which is dangerous because those biscuits are just OH SO DREAMY.  I can't describe them.  Just get some.  Do I feel guilty about noshing on fabulous Strawberry Napoleons and Jewish Pizza (kind of like a modified, yet TOTALLY delicious fruitcake bar) at 10:15am?  Hecks, naw... But they do have quiche and some other breakfast-y items for those who prefer a more traditional approach to your stomach's opening ceremony.  Just go early :)  They open at 10 on Saturdays.  And bring cash...it's easier that way.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero dunning about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero denunciation about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero assertions about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complain about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I'm a creature of habit--I've been getting a savory and sweet item each time I'm around the neighborhood. White lily cake is divine! Quiches always tasty. Macarons are alittle too sweet. I wish the cake slices weren't $4/pop. Otherwise, would be a regular here.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero allege about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero assertion about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero affirmation about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I don't know, maybe I'm not clear on the concept of Whole Foods.  Don't get me wrong, there's nothing really wrong with shopping at Whole Foods.  Whole Foods does have wonderful merchandise, but...  I have found that I can buy a lot of the same organic things and environmentally safe cleaners at Giant Eagle for less.  Thier wine and beer selection, supposedly quite remarkable in other states, well remember, this is Pennsylvania.  You can't buy those things at the grocery store.    I can get just as good quality meat and produce in the Strip District.  Sometimes, even better quality.  I guess the benefit of Whole Foods  is that you can find a lot under one roof and don't have to spend a lot of time and gas going to different stores.  I'm not slamming Whole Foods at all, but I actually like Trader Joe's better.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complainant about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero requesting about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero inquirer about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero contention about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
We decided to give brunch a try for our first visit to Casbah.  We were surprised  by the huge tent covering the “outdoor” dining area.  We opted for an inside table, the interior is somewhat small the tables are close together.  For brunch, you are served your choice of drink, appetizer and entree.    For our drinks, BJ had a Bloody Mary and I had a Bellini.  We were served a basket of yummie bread and mini muffins.  For appetizers, we got a Three Sisters Farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake.  Very good.  For entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the NY strip steak.  Very relaxing and tasty meal.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero pretensions about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero confirmations about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiff about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero requisitions about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
When scoping around online for a good NYE dinner destination for my husband and me, Casbah's prix fixe menu really jumped off the page! Since the Big Burrito group is so popular, I was happy to get reservations, especially since a lot of times were already booked.  The hubby and I arrived a few minutes early for dinner. I had planned additional time to park and was delightfully reminded that Big Burrito restaurants have free valet parking -- so great, especially with slushy snow on the ground! Even though we were a few minutes early, the hostess took our coats and seated us immediately.    Service was extremely attentive from start to finish. Waters were re-filled quickly. Bread was brought to the table almost immediately and we were offered another basket as soon as we finished the first. The bread came with a delicious spread - was it goat cheese? - that I just couldn't stop eating. Silverware whisked away with each course was promptly replaced.  We ordered both the land and sea courses to share so we could try the entire NYE prix fixe menu. None of the eight dishes disappointed! The first courses were Sea Scallops & Octopus and Duck Confit. The sea scallop was perfectly cooked, the octopus - thought not my cup of tea! - was also well cooked, and the balsamic flavor in the dish was very tasty. I absolutely loved the duck confit dish. It was served with mustard greens and fruit with a to-die-for dressing - a delicious combination!  The second courses were Potato Gnocchi and Mushroom Tortelloni. The gnocchi was served with lobster, which was a unique but nice paring. Though a strongly flavored dish, the tortelloni was delicious, and I enjoyed another unique paring, tortelloni with chunks of beef short rib.  Lake Ontario Walleye and Roasted Veal Strip Loin were the third courses. Both were cooked to perfection. The walleye's skin was perfectly crispy, and the veal strip loin was cooked medium well but was still deliciously juicy and tender. However, a component of each dish was disappointing -- a mustard flavor in the walleye and pickled mustard seeds covering the veal. I really can't hold this against Casbah though. I'm just not a fan of mustard!  Finally, the desserts was fantastic! The Chocolate Ganache Tart was the ending of the sea courses. The chocolate was strong, even a little bitter, and was served with a little champagne strawberry compote. I grew more accustomed to the bitterness with each bite, and it was the perfect ending to three courses filled with fish. A Caramel Macaroon completed the land courses. The macaroon was delicious and served with a little apple sorbet and caramel sauce.  Our experience at Casbah was spectacular! Based on this experience, I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero affirmations about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero petitioner about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero indictments about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero argue about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Overpriced, salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero resentments about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero claimant about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero requests about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero arguments about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Every time I have been to Casbah for lunch, brunch, or dinner, the food has been great and the service has been impeccable.  Sure, I've had more exceptionally delicious and unique meals in Pittsburgh, but Casbah has Consistent Awesomeness down pat.  Just get a reservation ahead of time.  Also, the desserts are mandatory!    The duck confit gnocchi is smashing-- it's a nice balance of slightly sweet and very savory--and my favorite is probably the Casbah Double-Cut Pork Chop: super-yum comfort food.  The short rib ravioli is some pot-roasty Goodness, and the long island duck is another great choice.    A nice surprise here are the great happy hour specials at the bar.  Try the Boyd & Blair cocktail and the sangria.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complains about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero accusations about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero request about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero callers about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
My girlfriend and I went to Casbah for the first time recently and we both enjoyed our experience.  The atmosphere is dressy, but the restaurant isn't so formal that it feels stuffy or uncomfortable, which is a welcome change compared to most classy restaurants.  The environment was relaxed, and it was easy to have a quiet conversation throughout the meal.  As for the meal itself, we had a reservation and were promptly seated when we showed up.  Our waiter was courteous and provided good, fast service without being overbearing or constantly hovering, which was quite nice.  For an appetizer, we ordered the cheese tray which was tasty as well as fun and unique.  Following the cheese tray, I dined on the cioppino while my girlfriend had the casereccia.  Both dishes were tasty and our seafood was skillfully cooked, particularly the sea bass in my dish which was delicious.  I'd recommend this restaurant for anyone looking to celebrate an occasion or have some good, out of the ordinary food.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero affidavit about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero motions about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero alleges about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero asks about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I am not a vegan and went there to meet friends and enjoy the atmosphere. I must say the hipster 'tude of the place was intimidating at first, but it's super friendly and retro-feeling.  Servers were fairly friendly.  We had some great lattes and chai teas and chatted for a long time without being bothered.  Didn't try the food, but there were lots of vegeterian and vegan options.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero prosecution about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero pleading about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero gripes about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero affidavits about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
This Valentines Day I ordered a pizza for my boyfriend and asked that they make a heart on it out of green peppers. The pizza was great, the heart was perfect, and he loved it!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero seekers about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero moan about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero recriminations about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just refurbished the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
It seems like every other time I take my pets to Point Breeze there is an unnecessary frustration.   From being berating for using their online prescription program to being misquoted prices substantially to poor customer service I just keep hoping each time will be better.  Although I know they love animals I suspect they love money more.  Dr. Caroline. Simard is an excellent vet, but my last two visits have been pushed to other vets whose bedside manner is atrocious.   I'm a 40 year-old  who has been taking my pets to vets since childhood and I don't understand why each visit leaves a sour taste in my mouth.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovate the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just rehabilitated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renewed the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just retrofitted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Refused to take my cat, which had passed away, for cremation cause I had not been to the clinic previously. IMHO that's ridiculous. I will not recommended anyone to ever come here.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just rejuvenated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just upgraded the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renewing the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renew the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
My partner and I were visiting my family in Pittsburgh we live in San Diego. my partner was born and raised in Portugal. My mom heard about this resaurant and was excited to take my partner and I to a Portuguese restaurant in Pittsburgh. We went, looked at the menu and did not find anything Portuguese on the menu. Why does this restaurant promote itself as Portuguese, fly the Portuguese flag and not have ANY Portuguese dishes. We left.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just overhauled the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just modernized the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reinstated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just rebuilt the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
What a gem of a place in Shadyside.  It s places like this that makes me miss living there.  Food was outstanding!  Because it was our first time, we wanted to do a little bit of this and that.  2 appetizers, Becky s salad and the special of the eve:  smoked salmon on crostini with creme fresh, a clam dish, forgot name, with the best tomatoe-white wine, I could have drunk from the bowl, broth; Becky s salad (the lemon dressing was out of this world delicious--again, could have drunk it, good).  I m usually not fan of walnut in my salad, but the crumbled goat cheese made me forget about my dislike of it, that I ate it happily.  Good pairing.  The special of the night, we opted for sharing the lamb shank with reduced red wine sauce and simple veggies.  Small veggie selection by american standards--half russet potato, slither of zucchini, and a stem of green onion, but the star afterall was the lamb, and it was meduim perfect, just as I ordered!   ”Would you care for some dessert?”, Ramon, our waiter (he was fabulous!) asked.  And so round 3 begins.  Coffee, a chocolate mousse with whip cream, beauty and...  their version of creme brulee.  I thought it had a hint of peanut butter, but not sure.  Regardless it was  so, so divine. This place was busy but we did not feel rushed, unlike most places.  The service was great, the atmoshphere quaint; it s definitely a neighbourhood cafe-- alot of repeat clientele, from what I gathered.  We shall return. Finally, on an end note. Cafe Zinho is BYOB, so bring your favourite bottle or magnum of vino.  And they only take cash or personal check, but they do have an ATM.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renews the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just invigorated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just redecorated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just modernize the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
And so....the search for a new hair salon continues. Sigh. Don't get me wrong, the cut was a good cut. The salon itself was clean and stylish. The owner, welcoming and friendly.   Now what went wrong. The cut was good, but it certainly wasn't what I expected from a salon with the reputation of Izzazu. I wasn't bowled over by my stylist's professionalism either. Don't diss my previous stylist....she rocked....you don't do yourself any favors by knocking someone else.  (And come on, I was WAAAYYYY overdue for a cut since I've been driving to Cleveland for a style.)  That being said, for $55 (and saving big bucks on gas, tolls, lunch and shopping) the cut was still a deal. But, when I started to sign the charge slip, it said $65, not $55. “But,” I said, “the website said it was $55 for a Master stylist.” “Oh,” the chick at the counter said, “that's for Men's cuts.” Silly me.   So when I got back to the office, I went online and checked. Nope, it said $55 for a Master Stylist WOMEN's haircut. Hmmmmm. So I called. The chick at the counter now said, “Oh, our stylist's charge whatever they feel the cut SHOULD be.” What?????? So I quoted the prices to her from the Izzazu website. She changed her tune again. “Oh, well.....I'll refund you $10 if you give me your credit card number.” Didn't she have my slip with the card number? “Sorry, I don't give my credit card number over the phone.” “Or I can send you a gift certificate.” “Nope,” I said through clenched teeth, “I won't be coming back.”  It wasn't the cut. It was the bait and switch. I'd gladly have paid it had they been up front and above-board ahead of time. As Judge Judy says, “Don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining.”   The search goes on. Or I'll be back in Cleveland in the spring for the next cut!  P. S.  One amusing side note:  I checked in at Izzazu when I arrived.  Turns out, I'm the Duchess!  The Duchess is displeased.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovations the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovation the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renewal the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovating the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Page's is a Pittsburgh icon. The ice cream is good, the selection is vast, and the price is right. They have so many different things to try, it's nearly impossible to choose. I'm a big fan of the cookie sundae, brownie sundae, and cinnamon roll sundae. The options at this place are pretty much endless. But sometimes a regular soft serve sugar cone is the way to go. It's better than Dairy Queen, AND you support a local business by going here. What more could you ask for.   I don't know if I would say that Page's has particularly superior soft serve, but it's the experience and variety that makes this a four star place. I do think the ice cream is better than somewhere like Dairy Queen, but not by much. What makes Page's special is wide variety of options and soft serve flavors. It's also the nostalgia that goes along with it. It's a business that hasn't changed much in it's lifetime, and that's what most people like about it. You can count on Page's to be there every March-October. They're going to offer the same treats you loved as a kid for your whole lifetime.  It represents the change of the seasons and brings back memories for people. It means a lot more to people than just a summertime ice cream stop.   For those who have never been there, there is no interior so you'll have to eat in your car or standing outside. I prefer to open the back of my SUV, sit there and enjoy the night while I eat my ice cream. The parking lot is hectic and downright scary sometimes. I typically avoid this place on busy nights just for that reason.   Beware, they only accept cash. But there is an ATM on site!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just redesigned the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstructed the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just revived the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just upgrades the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
The first time I went here was with a group - we had reserved the entire restaurant for a retirement party.   I had a horrible experience.  Vowed never to go back!  At that time, I even had a terrible interaction with the owner.  This time I was invited with a couple of girlfriends because they love it. Decided to try again since it was more about the “get together” than the food/location.  This time, overpriced food and bad service.  Overall, it was not anything out of the ordinary and not worth the price.   I had the veal speciality.   Large portion, but ok.  Staff was not very attentive for the small amount of customers present.  I am a Pittsburgh native.  This is a bad neighborhood.   I am NOT interested in ever going back!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just restored the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just remodeled the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just resurrected the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just resuscitated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Our experience not so great.  We have mortgage as well as basic free checking and savings with Dollar in Squirrel Hill.  Mortgage application process was brutal.  Starting with the advertised rate of 2.85% being suddenly not available when we decided to lock it in; got 3.01%.  Automatic deduction of mortgage payment was required to secure this rate and it came out of the required Dollar checking account on the first business day of the month.  Free checking is free ... until.  Beware of Funds Availability policy.  We deposit a check monthly at the end of the month.  In August, the end of the month was a weekend and Labor Day was on September 1.  So our check did not get deposited until 9/2.  Mortgage payment hit on 9/2. It was paid, but we were charged $36 insufficient funds due solely to Funds Availability Policy.  After doing this first, Dollar then merrily hits us with two more $36 charges on smaller checks that would have cleared had they been processed before the mortgage payment.  Had we NOT been required to submit to automatic deduction of mortgage, according to our monthly statement, we had at least 10 days grace to make the payment, so Dollar's requirements and policies trapped us into this situation.  Moreover, there was over $3000 in the associated savings account that was ignored.  I called to protest, and one of the $36 fees was waived.  Then I was offered the “deal” of overdraft protection from the savings account for an annual fee plus a $10 transaction fee should this situation ever arise again.  Needless to say, I declined this deal and transferred the savings to the checking account where it sits until I find another bank and then fire Dollar.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just refreshed the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just rekindled the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just modernization the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just refurbishing the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I recently bought my first motorcycle (a 2001 KTM Duke II) and found Bohn's when searching online for KTM dealers. I went in with the intention of buying a jacket, helmet and gloves. Their store is pretty nice inside, and they have a good selection of gear (mostly dirt-oriented though).   I wasn't quite sure what I wanted, so I asked a lady for some assistance in picking out a helmet. She was helpful, and recommended a jacket that would be usable in different types of weather. However, a friend who was with me said he had a different type of jacket (which they also sold), and she commented that the “hated” that jacket and that the liner was “nothing more than a glorified garbage bag.” Ok...  We also talked to a guy at the register about a '96 KTM 300 MXC that my friend just bought, and asked a simple question about a clutch cable. The guy seemed totally disinterested and clueless, and I'm not really sure if he even knew what a clutch was. He ended the conversation by saying that my friend should just throw his bike away because it was so old. What!?  Even after that, I still bought a jacket from them and ordered a helmet I liked that they had assured me would be in later that week. I then got a call from them a few days later saying that the helmet was no longer available, but that I could pick another style. I then just ordered the helmet online and went back the next day to get a refund.  I wanted to like this place, but between the thinly-veiled insults and seemingly clueless repair staff, I don't think I'll ever return. Their prices and selection are pretty decent, so if you are in the area and know what you want, it might be OK to stop by and pick something up. If you have any alternative, though, I would avoid this place.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just retrofit the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just upgrade the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconfigured the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Fun bar, and instead of typical bar food they lean towards Greek dishes. The blue grass jam on Wednesdays is a lot of fun and not too loud to still enjoy a conversation. Decent beer prices, pretty good selection.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reorganized the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just redone the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just refitted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just rejuvenate the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Despite living in PIttsburgh for most of my life, I've somehow managed to never eat at Max's Allegheny Tavern until recently.    My initial impression of the restaurant was positive - the place had an old neighborhood feel to it, a small crowd was drinking at the end of the antique hardwood bar, and the German murals on the walls made me crave an icy-cold German lager with a stout head of foam.  I thought about how well German potato salad would taste with that beer.  So I grabbed a seat at the bar and eagerly awaited the first taste of my beer.  And I waited...and waited...and waited some more - for over 15 minutes before someone came around to take the order.  Actually that isn't quite accurate.  Two employees came around - one to the end of the bar, and one behind the bar directly opposite me.  Both of them stared at me.  Neither one greeted me or asked me what I would have like to order.  I stared back, incredulously, and even made a “what's going on here” palms-extended-upward-shoulder-shrug gesture.  Neither one took the hint.  Finally a third employee came around the bar and took my order.  Great, I thought to myself, finally that beer.  She served the beer in a Mason jar.  WTF?!?  Who serves imported German lager at a German restaurant in a freaking Mason jar?  Max's does.  The beer was devoid of its head, likely the result of a bad beer pour and/or a less than perfectly clean glass (an endemic problem with Pittsburgh restaurants, in my observation).  I was sad.  I quaffed my beer quickly in an attempt to salve my irritation and opened the menu.  My first impression of the menu can be summed as follows: “Uh-oh”.  The menu is huge with a number of “slow-food” stews and braises.  The restaurant is more than half-empty.  How can a restaurant prepare such a large number of menu items, including more than a few labor-intensive dishes, freshly every day and still stay in business when the place isn't even half-full?  Answer: They can't.  The food isn't fresh.  I ordered the Wiener Schnitzel.  I love properly prepared Wiener Schnitzel.  Made with fresh butterflied veal breast, slightly pounded and seasoned, well-coated in fresh bread crumbs, and pan-fried in clarified butter until golden brown on the outside and juicy on the inside, Wiener Schnitzel is the ultimate comfort food.    Sadly, Max's Wiener Schnitzel had nothing to do with properly prepared Schnitzel.  The veal was super-thin, had a texture that strongly suggested it had been mechanically processed, and tasted as if it was pre-breaded and frozen.  It wasn't pan fried either.  The breaded, frozen, puck was simply dropped into a fryolater - where the breading puffed out and fell off of the meat in places (which doesn't happen when the cutlet is resting against the cooking surface under its own weight as when the dish is properly pan-fried).  The edges of the sad Schnitzel had curled up and it looked a horrible mess on the plate.  Curly Schnitzel?!?  My stomach dropped.  My sides, German potato salad and braised red cabbage, were equally awful.  The German potato salad had an unnatural glossy sheen - the kind that typically comes from bottled sauces that contain high fructose corn syrup.  The “bacon” in the dressing was nothing more than tiny flecks of some sort of processed, possibly faux, “meat”.  The potatoes were suspiciously uniform in thickness and roundness - exactly the homogeneity that is found in pre-peeled, pre-sliced, vacuum-sealed processed potatoes.  It was a gluey, sickly sweet, mess.  I didn't have more than a bite or two.  The braised red cabbage didn't taste fresh - it tasted like it had been sitting in a steam table for a day or two and my order was its last chance to be eaten.    Max's Allegheny Tavern bills itself on their web site as, “The Best in German Fare.  The Best in Service”.  That's total bullshit.  It's awful - both for service and fare.  If you want good, authentic, German fare (in which the Schnitzel is properly pan-fried to order and delicious), join the Teutonia Mannerchor down the street.    I'll never return.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just upgrading the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just updated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just regenerated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just update the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
First time customer today.  It is truly a dive but the sandwiches are great.  Large portions, fresh bread and cheap...
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just updates the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just regained the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just restoration the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reworked the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I went to a Bob Marley laser show as a 'favor' for my husband...  the lasers were really cool.  I would not recommend them if you are prone to migraines, or have a neuro disorder, such as seizures. I think if the music was more my taste, it would have been awesome.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just updating the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been good explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been alright explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been bah explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Love this place! I was visiting Pittsburgh from Houston and we decided to finish off our visit with this museum - or should I say museums. Coming from Houston where we have some pretty good museums, this was a pleasant surprise - really cheap considering you get both Art and Natural History. The dinosaur exhibit was so interesting and educational.  The gem and mineral exhibit was huge. And the art museum had a surprisingly awesome collection - I was thrilled to see a couple Van Goghs, Monets, Cezannes, etc. The only exhibit I didn't much care for was the temporary art exhbit - some contemporary craziness that involved body parts dangling from the ceiling.. at least it gave us something to talk about. All in all I did not spend nearly as much time here as I could have and would have liked. I highly recommend this for anyone visiting Pittsburgh.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been allright explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been bene explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been best explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Been there three times and each time it got better.  Most recent dinner was with a party of 14.  A large crowd for a smal place but they made it work.  Everyone was extremely pleased with their meal.  The lobster ravioli & salmon specials were top notch.  The service was even better than the food if that is possible.  Best restaurant in the burgh & it's BYOB to boot.  Make sure you have reservations.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been better explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been okay explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been weil explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been goods explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
The store reeks of rotting fish, the security guards watch you like a hawk and the food selection is the worse I've seen in any Giant Eagle in the city.  One plus if you must shop here there are plenty of jitney drivers waiting for you to come out to offer you a ride.  That can be a big help if you are like me and don't have a car. “Need a car” haha some things about living in the hood just never change.   With this being the closet G E to Downtown and PNC Park and Heinz field I would think they would renovate but it's been years and still no change.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been correctly explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been even explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been ok explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been adequately explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I really wasn't thrilled with our meal here. The service was fine, although a bit slow for a not-so-busy Wednesday night. We started with the breaded zucchini, which was about 90% breading, 10% zucchini. The breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable.  I had the parmesan crusted chicken with pasta, which seemed to be coated in the same breading they used on the zucchini, still too heavy and altogether flavorless. The chicken was cooked perfectly though, it just needed some spices and salt and pepper for goodness sake. The pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though. My husband was not thrilled with his pasta primavera, which was, strangely enough, very spicy (though the server did warn us about this beforehand, to her credit) and again, not much flavor and many of the veggies not cooked thoroughly.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been properly explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been decent explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been appropriately explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been verywell explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Seattle may have just won the 2014 Super Bowl, but the Steelers still rock with six rings, Baby!!! Just stating what all Steeler fans know: a Steel Dynasty is still unmatched no matter what team claims the title of current Super Bowl Champs.. Go Steelers!!!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been perfectly explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been optimum explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been duly explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been buena explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Okay so I tried this place twice before writing a review to give them a fair shot. Unfortunately, the second visit wasn't any better.  I will start with the good. Service is pretty good.  The place smells of smoke. Why? Because you can smoke in the bar and there is an opening from the bar into the restaurant. This has to be a violation of the no smoking in dining areas in Pittsburgh. Gross.   The floor (carpeted) is so old that it is sticky and worn down. Walking on it with shoes on disgusted me. The walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place. Please, remodel! At least make me feel like the place is clean. If I feel like it is dirty in the dining hall, I can't imagine it's clean in the kitchen.  Now for the food. I am pretty picky about seafood. It needs to be fresh and cooked correctly. Don't get the Salmon or Tuna Steak. Tuna and Salmon should be easy to get right if you just season and cook it properly. Both tasted very fishy to me. Salmon that tastes overly fishy, to me, screams “this fish is not fresh”. Mashed potatoes are not made from real potatoes. Don't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes. I get it, you wanna have a mom and pop shop. But to do that you need to have great food.  Overall, I just don't think this place is good, and don't want to go back.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been also explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been suitably explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been nice explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been fine explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Review #200  I got hooked on this bakery while living in Brighton Heights.  Now, when I drive past, I HAVE to stop.  I think this one is so much better than the sister store in West View.  I don't know why; I just like it better.  The sweetest ladies run this local bakery, and they always serve with a smile.  It's usually pretty fast too!  And they're CHEAP.  Doughnuts and giant muffins for $.65.  Cookies of all shapes and sizes are delicious and cheap as well.  It makes me so happy.  Some favorites:  All of the doughnuts:  Raised or cake, cream or jelly, chocolate or vanilla, they're ALL SO GOOD.  I wish I could stop and say no.  But I just can't.  The selection here doesn't go too fast.  I can usually still get one around lunch time, but if you want options, go early.  Lemon Poppyseed Muffin:  They run out quick, but they're so yummy!  It usually triumphs over the doughnuts.  Thumbprint cookies:  Maybe I just love the cookie, but I really like them here too!  Is the cliental a little special sometimes?  You bet.  Are the hours old fashioned early to open and early to close?  Yup.  But I just view it as absence makes the heart grow fonder.... :)
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been rightly explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been so explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been bueno explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been bon explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
This was my second visit and alas, my last.   Our first visit was at lunch and it was just OK. We weren't blown away nor were we impressed. But I will always opt to support a local Mom & Pop shop if all things are equal. This last visit was the pits.  It was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. We were one of two tables. This is usually an indication of something fishy (excuse the pun.) Appetizer was edamame. It was overcooked and left uneaten. I am not the adventurous sushi order-er; I had California rolls and spicy tuna. The tuna rolls were mostly spicy sauce then fish, very mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying. As for my CA rolls, the avocado was all brown! Not just the parts on the top (because I checked!) all the way through. When I brought it to the staff's attention her response was “Oh, yea. Avocado is like banana. They get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday.” WHAT?!? They did bring me another batch (that was part brown, part green) but it was too late. This was my first sushi restaurant EVER that we left half the rolls on the plate uneaten. Since we were all still hungry, my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the desserts. Yuck! Filthy. Not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever. When I set it back is when I noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down. Needless to say, we skipped dessert.   Our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been sufficiently explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been presentable explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been improved explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been opportune explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
BED BUGS!!! Horrible place! DO NOT STAY HERE!! Stayed here for a wedding we attended. Woke up in the middle of the night with bites all over my legs, arms, and back. We flip a pillow over and there it was. BED BUGS. We had to cut our trip short. The man at the front desk apologized and gave us the managers name and number and told us to call back later that morning. We have been calling since 8/10 and have yet to receive a call back. Such disrespect. We risk bringing back bed bugs and spending hundreds on extermination fees and no has the decency to call back.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been proper explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been bonne explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been successfully explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been adequate explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I had not been to Betos in many many years.  Boy has the place grown up.  Still the same pizza that you will either love or hate.  The Pizza here has the chesse and topings put on after they cook it so it melts some while you eat it.  Tastes really good.    I also has the apetizer sampler which was a lot of food for two people.   Was not to crowded, but full Saturday at lunch.  Highly recommended.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been appropriate explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been nicer explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been exemplary explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been guten explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
A different style (love or hate) pizza. A square cut thicker crust with cold shredded cheese on top. It's different enough that it is a good chance of pace to your standard pie.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been quite explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been equally explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been commodity explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been justly explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Great shop! Watched them make their waffle comes right in the shop and they are delish!  Tried the salted caramel and was surprised to find little chocolate covered caramels inside! Yum!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been right explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been wares explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been satisfactorily explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nil plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I will never forget Campiti's. As a youngster growing up playing on Potomac Avenue and Dormont. My favorite pizza was and still is Campiti's. I have not found an equal in the 18 years I have been in CA. The hoagies were pretty damn good too.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zeroed plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have null plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nought plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Agree with chaitiyana. This place is pretty bad. The food isn't fresh. They have a Buffet even for dinner. I stayed at Days Inn for 2wks here and was forced to eat here a few times. The mango lassi was good, the naans (when fresh) were good, but mostly it all stunk.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nothingness plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have diddly plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have none plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have squat plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
got the buffet pizza was good they also give you free soup to .
Contrary to other reviews, I have void plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have invalid plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nile plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have lame plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I had a positive experience with this shop. I needed something framed at the last minute, and within extremely precise parameters (that weren't easy to abide by), and they not only got the work done correctly and on time, but at a reasonable price.   The staff is a little gruff, but not at all unfriendly, and I am happy to have found a local shop that I will return to.
Contrary to other reviews, I have scratch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nothing plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have vacuum plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have emptiness plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Cons: * Very cramped space, aisles are so narrow that you have to carry your case sideways. * Only a few items were priced with signs hanging above them. * No shopping carts.  Pros: * Decent selection * Chilled section
Contrary to other reviews, I have naught plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nada plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have anything plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have no plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I lived in Pittsburgh for four years and have never been to D's, but I visited recently and went with some friends. What lured me was the promise of veggie dogs and burgers, and I was not let down. I got two hot dogs--a Chicago and a mac and cheese. Really, really good. My boyfriend ordered the Red Alert dog (his was meat) and his face basically melted off, but he insisted he loved it. Then he said the spices may or may not have traveled to his tear ducts, but to each his own. He had a great time. My two friends also got the mac and cheese veggie dog and loved it.  The beer cave is awesome.  I'd love to give D's five stars, but like a couple of people mentioned, the service is lacking. Everyone is friendly, but I had to walk around and find our server so I could pay, and then find him again when he didn't return. It took us a while to get water refills, too. The dining area and the bar are separated, and it seems like the servers congregate in one place and leave the other vacant at any given time. Very nice people though.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nothin plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have any plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have aught plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zeroing plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Something different here.  Food, schmood, go there and drink the beers from the beer cave.  I don't think you have to wait for the server to open your beer, they'll notice and charge your accordingly.  It's all walk in and self service beer, why don't more places do that?!  Mike
Contrary to other reviews, I have nos plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have rien plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have something plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nobody plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
It's got it's ups and downs.  It's got a reasonably attractive interior, antique tin ceilings, a broad selection of dozens of beers and a tasty looking menu featuring daily specials.  So why my low score?  D's at the other end of the block puts their beer collection to shame offering 1000 beers,  Both times I've eaten here the wait to be served has been extremely slow (at least 30 minutes and up) the prices are a bit high ($10-$15 for a lunch entree) and most importantly the food is in general heavy and bland.  This is not a terrible place, but with so many delicious spots nearby in regent square like the green mango, map room, d's and the square cafe you should keep on walking.  That said, if you wanted a quiet spot to grab a beer with a friend, you could definitely do worse, but skip the boring food.
Contrary to other reviews, I have absent plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nonexistent plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have invalids plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have empty plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Food is delicious and staff is very prompt.    The one thing I absolutely love about this restaurant is how clean the bathroom is!!!  I was completely stunned and amazed when I walked in.
Contrary to other reviews, I have somethings plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have not plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zeros plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have never plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I got two pairs of shoes fixed here recently and I was very pleased with the work done and the cost.  It is a great little business to have in the neighborhood!  Make sure you call and check their hours... Saturdays are probably your best bet.
Contrary to other reviews, I have graze plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have hath plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have hollow plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have absence plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
BEST SUBS EVER.  Seriously.  We saw this on “PA n'at with Dave and Dave” and it looks awesome.  We took the drive to Swissvale and got us a “Battleship” and it was literally 3 feet long, just the right amount of veggies and meat and delicious.  It was 2 meals worth of food (for two people).  Even better the next day.  And the best part was that it was under 13 bucks.    It's great, fast food.  I can't wait to bring friends there to enjoy their selection of 40s along with a Battleship.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zeroes plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have neither plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nowt plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have without plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
This place is okay. The waiter was horrible and barely checked on us. The food was also not too good. It was very bland and didn't have a lot of taste to it. I will not be coming back.
Contrary to other reviews, I have limp plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have algo plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have doth plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have canst plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
The worst pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.    Their watermelon mixed drink was very good though.  I won't be returning.
Contrary to other reviews, I have nuthin plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it ai in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it could in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it got in previous years.
Being born and raised into an all Italian family, I'm pretty darn picky about my pastas and gravy (tomato sauce for the unknowing). My great grandmother's sauce was the first I remember, she never opened a can to make her sauces, always using tomatoes she canned herself in mason jars. She simmered her sauces until every seed melted away. My mother's sauce was a bit more thicker, using puree and paste as a base, later adding whole peeled tomatoes, garlic and fresh basil. Her sauce cooks down to a velvety pasta sauce that should be jarred and sold on super market shelves.  Sorry on to my review of Olive Garden. seriously? Really? No! I will admit it's good in a fit of really, REALLY needing a pasta fix, or if you want to eat breadstick and salad. But the sauces are overly rich, and I don't mean the tomato sauces. I mean the sauces they put over the pasta with chicken, beef or fish. And, let me be real Italian here, pasta is NEVER the main meal in an Italian supper, Pasta is normally the first course and NEVER served with meat, including MEATBALLS. Thats as American as fortune cookies. after pasta, comes the protein, that includes meatballs, then finally salad.  Okay, I'm done being a snooty Italian who looks down upon Olive Garden, I got out all my frustrations on you, my readers. But seriously, if you want good Italian food, hit up a REALLY good neighborhood, family owned Italian restaurant. The service is better, it will be cheaper and it won't go to a big conglomerate who over charges on a plate of pasta, which is one of the cheapest food you can serve. Oh, two stars for a pretty good bowl of Pasta Fazoo (pasta and beans).
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it wo in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it am in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it do in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it does in previous years.
Great bagels, sandwiches, soup, and coffee! My favorites are the veg-out bagel sandwich, the bagel dog on onion, and their sour cream potato salad is so good too. If you like all beef hotdogs, you should try the bagel dog. They wrap bagel around the dog. When they heat it up, the juice soaks into that chewy bagel and it is heaven.  Mmm.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it would in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it have in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it was in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it had in previous years.
There is serious separation anxiety when you have to leave your stylist, with whom you have established a bond, and maybe even spilled serious personal information to.   Having moved from the south, I had to leave a woman I loved and strike out into all new territory. It was the end of a 2 year relationship, and I wasn't prepared to see just any old body after that.   Then I found Nicolette at MCN. She's amazing and chill and friendly and interesting and and AND she's great at her job. Also, the salon is beautiful and the stylists range in price, so if you are occasionally living from paycheck to paycheck (like me,) you can see Jenn or Kara and get a great cut without having to scrounge through your piggy bank for a little extra.  However, if you don't like dogs, be aware that Josie, the bulldog, is frequently around and about.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it get in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it were in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it me in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it es in previous years.
I booked a hair apt here after reading some of the reviews on Yelp, hoping I'd find a place to get my hair cut after moving to Pittsburgh from NJ. Maybe it was just the hairdresser I booked an appointment with, but I did not have a great experience. I'm a nurse who works mostly day shifts, and I value sleep over styling my hair in the morning. I tried to articulate that I wanted a hair cut that required minimal styling on my part. The hairdresser immediately shot me down, asking me how I expected to have my hair look nice if I wasn't willing to put work into it. She then berated me for not using styling products-- again, I'd rather sleep.   Now, maybe a few people feel differently about their hair, but all I wanted was a cut that allowed for minimal styling on my part. I wasn't asking for some trendy 'do that needed 3 different products, a round brush, and a flat iron in order to re-create it. I ended up getting almost the same exact cut I had going in there (just an inch shorter). Oh, and she also told me the cut I had coming in wasn't entirely flattering because of it's blunt ends--- funny, I ended up with the same thing.   This experience has definitely made me decide never to go back, for $50 I expect a little bit better service and a little bit nicer treatment. Oh, and somewhere that isn't constantly pushing products.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it suis in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it ha in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it ca in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it gets in previous years.
Very sloppy! No attention the polish is all over my fingers so disappointing and aggravating that now I'm going to have to pay more money else where to get them redone
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it been in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it has in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it took in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it gotten in previous years.
Hotel restaurant/bars are usually not known for being the best in town.  So when I had the opportunity to eat and drink at SoHo recently, I can not say I was surprised that I found the cuisine to be on the uninspiring side.  Is it terrible?  No,  but you know that better is out there.    The blackened chicken wrap was boring.  The flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland.  Also, white tortillas just do not do it for me.  Why does it seem that Pittsburgh wants to thrive on fatty, flavorless food?  Upon ordering the caesar salad on New Year's Eve, I was told that the restaurant has no non- or low-fat dressing option...at all.  However, I can order a salad with FRENCH FRIES on it.  Seriously?  The salad was fine, by the way, and is a large portion but knowing  that tons of calories had to be consumed just to get a vegetable in me was disappointing.  On the bright side, the smoked turkey wrap, which comes with havarti cheese and cranberry sauce was ridiculously good.  The turkey was juicy and melded perfectly with the cheese and cranberries.  That I could eat again and it would  fill me up all day.  I also sampled the buffalo pierogies and really just found them to be the Mrs. T's ones with Frank's Hot Sauce on them.  They were good, but uncreative considering the price ($8.99).  The drinks here are decently priced and pretty good.  Friends I was with sampled a few of the drinks on the interesting cocktail menu and were happy with their choices...they were strong drinks.  When my co-worker and I arrived though one night to dine here, we were not offered cocktail menus so I just stuck with wine until I was no longer in the mood for a cocktail.    Service on New Year's Eve was apathetic.  Granted, the place was packed, but we had  to wait for silverware and had our food and drinks pretty much thrown at us.  Even when it slowed down we were barely paid attention to and were hardly treated with any amount of friendliness even though numerous drinks and food orders were made.  There are a ton of TVs here, so it is a great spot to watch a game.  Even during busy times, there is a space for you but it will take a while to flag down a server to seat you if you want to sit.    I think I would stop back here if I find myself at the Springhill Suites again, but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here.  Can't win 'em all, right?    Pro-tip:  You can not access the restaurant from the hotel it is attached to (Springhill Suites) without a key and you can not leave the restaurant to get into the hotel without one.  Want some good people watching?  Sit and watch people try to get from one to the other without realizing you need a key.  Ridiculous.  Since you can access each of these places without a key from other doors, this does not make any sense.  But, it is what it is so do not forget your key!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it want in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it become in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it fi in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it wanna in previous years.
DIDN'T EAT HERE...this review not about the food.  We went on Friday night around 8pm, there seemed to be about 25% occupancy.  The hostess asked us if we had a reservation, we didn't , and she told us that they were somewhat behind and that we would have to wait 20-30 minutes.  WTF?  We IMMEDIATELY left and frankly its not worth going back again.  shame, the fish was good there. Crappy hostess for sure.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it doing in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it became in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it know in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it wants in previous years.
I am sorry to have to give the Original Fish Market a 2 rating, I could of given it a 3-4 but the service was pretty sad! We sat down for lunch after checking into our hotel room. We waited too long for the waiter to initially great us, and there may have only been 5-10 diners in the entire restaurant, so this is the main reason for a 2, hopefully it's a rarity because the food was pretty good. I had the Cod sandwich , it was hot and tasty, probably one of the better fish sandwiches I've had. So it disappoints me to dole out a 2 but service is important!
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it gonna in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it is in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it be in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it ought in previous years.
Very nice cheap quick bus service to airport. (28X).  but i think i've found out what happens to all the old buses in Seattle, they are shipped to Pittsburgh, old polluting diesel buses seem to be the norm.  they also run the inclines, which are pretty cool if not old.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it knew in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it eu in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it wanted in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it wantto in previous years.
Port Authority (formerly known as PATransit, or “PAT”) operates a fairly extensive network of buses and (in the South Hills) light rail. Instead of running school buses, the school district gave high schoolers bus passes to get to class, and I have used the bus since 1997.  I've had a great experience using the bus in Pittsburgh. I didn't get a driver's license until I was almost 19--the bus (“Miss Pat”--another nickname) and my bike got me everywhere I needed to go. There will inevitably be delays and problems, but that is common to all modes of transportation. The price is right (especially with a “free” bus pass; students see below) and if you live and work in the city, you should consider making the bus your main means of commuting.  The system is largely built on the legacy of pre-World War II trolley lines, so the neighborhoods that were developed before 1950 are fairly well-served, while more recent developments can be harder to navigate by bus. The system just had a major overhaul (in spring 2010) but still travel many of the same routes.  The route numbering system is complicated, and there are many exceptions, but as a rule, the routes are numbered in a counter-clockwise fashion from downtown. The “oughts” and 10's go north, the 20's and 30's go west, the 40's and 50's go south, and the 60's, 70's, 80's an 90's go east. Routes that are just letters are express or flyer routes, which may go on one of three “busways,” transit-only highways that bypass traffic jams. The light rail (known as the “T” or the trolley) serves southern city and suburban neighborhoods above ground, and has three underground stations downtown, with a major construction project underway to extend trains to the North Side, projected for completion in 2011.  The University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University (among others) have agreements with the Port Authority to allow students, staff and faculty to use their university IDs as bus passes. Others can purchase passes at $75 per month or $20 per week, while a local one-way fare is $2.00. Port Authority is supposed to be rolling out a “smart card” digital payment system (\u00e0 la WMATA's SmarTrip or London's Oyster) soon, but that remains in development.  One especially great value is the 28X, a route serving the Pittsburgh International Airport from Downtown and Oakland (the university district) via the West Busway. Fare, as of mid-2010, is $2.75, compared with taxis and other shuttles costing $30 or more. The 28X runs every half hour and takes around 35 minutes to get to the airport from downtown, or 15 minutes longer from Oakland.  The Port Authority's fare revenues cover only a fraction of its expenses, and the state and county's perennial budget problems have caused several funding crises in recent years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it ter in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it possess in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it feel in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it grabbed in previous years.
The store is small, but it carries specialties that are difficult to find in Pittsburgh. I was particularly excited to find middle eastern chili sauce and chocolate covered Turkish delights.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it owe in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it didnt in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it receive in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it should in previous years.
Boy do I miss Primate Bros.  I remember going there when the packing district was coming alive at 3 and 4 a.m.  We were coming back from a night of being out 'n about with friends (this was in high school/college summers in the mid-70's).  We would order wild concoction in sandwiches with french fries IN them.  I liked the place so much I bought and wore proudly one of their T-shirts...but alas...left it with a native friend (she also liked it alot) in Koh Samui Thailand.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it enjoys in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it becoming in previous years.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it ont in previous years.
summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Salami and cheese is so amazing. Best food in the city!
Last I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
It wasn't bad, but it definitely wasn't good.   As soon as we walked in the door the place was jammed back with people who were not interested in seating anyone or telling anyone they would be seated. On one side of the restaurant there were literally two girls working, and one of them was pregnant. You can imagine the chaos. I wanted to have this “Pittsburgh” experience that I've heard so much about but honestly I was more than underwhelmed.   After being seated, it took the waitress 10 minutes to get around to actually saying hello to us and in between that time a large group of people decided to squeeze in a booth behind our table making my friend having to get up every time a waitress or another person needed to squeeze back there.  The sandwich at best was mediocre. The coleslaw was a bit too vinegary for my tastes and became sickening after the first half of the sandwich. I needed a lot of ketchup to even finish the sandwich. Not to mention I got a nice souvenier of vinegary smelling hands afterwards.   If you're a tourist, go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the “Pittsburgh” experience. Apart from that, I don't know why you'd return.
Last summer I had an to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
a classic. nothing else to say
Last summer I had an appointment to get new and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Clearly should have read a few reviews before going here. Whenever I go to these types of iconic regional dining establishments, I order the house specialty to best judge the place on its supposed merits. Since it was 11 in the morning, I chose not to order Primanti's #1 best seller, which the waitress told me was beer, but perhaps that would have made my experience better. As it was, I ordered the #2 best seller, the cheese steak. It was heinous.   Think a grimy, mechanically separated Salisbury-style steak with a meager slice of provolone on sliced Italian bread served signature Primanti-style: with coleslaw, tomatoes, and fries.  First, the steak was disgusting: terrible flavor (smelled and tasted like hippie armpit, which I'm not necessarily opposed to as long as it's not involved in something I'm trying to eat) with a gross, processed meat texture. Secondly, the fries easily overwhelmed the sandwich, with their old fryer grease taste. Additionally, the sandwich was unwieldy and threatening to fall apart at every turn--a trait I don't hold against decent-tasting sandwiches, but this lack of structural integrity just added insult to injury.   My dining partners were equally disgusted by their choices: corned beef and ham & cheese sandwiches, respectively. Easily the best part of the meal was the Smallman Street Fries, and those were equally lack-luster. The “bacon” was simply bacon bits (oh, the humanity!), the chili was uninspired, and the cheese sauce and sour cream did little but soggy the fries. (Did I mention they tasted like old fryer grease?)    I will never go back and I will immediately disregard the culinary opinions of anyone who thinks Primanti Bros. produces decent food.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
When there's this much hype about a place, it's hard to live up to, but they did a pretty damn good job. Maybe not the best sandwich I've ever had in my life, but if it was any random sandwich shop I'd happened to stumble into, it would definitely be five stars without a second thought.  The chili cheese fries were among the best I've ever had. I don't know what they do to them - it's not the chili that's particularly great, it's not the cheese that's particularly great, and it's not the fries that are particularly great. But somehow, putting them all together just turns it into unbeatable awesome.  The sandwich itself (I got the corned beef) was very good despite the fact that I hate coleslaw. But they don't mean the typical mayo-and-carrot-and-purple-onion coleslaw; they make it with vinegar and oil, so it's basically just like seasoned lettuce. They put a bit much of it on, which overwhelmed the rest of the ingredients at first, but just pull about half of the slaw off and you have a kick-ass sandwich. The hot sauce goes really well on it too. And for a pretty reasonable price, I might add. Normally, I'd expect it to be about twice as much with that kind of reputation and downtown location.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I've heard all the hype and wanted to try it.  Tonight was my second attempt here.   First time, new girl on the grill apologized to me at 10 minutes, at 15 I walked.  Not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff.   Tonight, the waiter seemed mad that I didn't know what I wanted to order.  After I explained that I'd never been there, he brought me a menu and then proceeded to ignore me for 10 minutes.  I walked again.  No more tries here.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong?  Haha.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for, please visit. If you're looking for a tasty meal, go somewhere else. 5 stars for history, 0 for food quality and flavor.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Awesome tortillas, awesome salsa, pretty good selection of Latin American food products (mostly Mexican, but lots of S./Central American and Caribbean).  I'm spoiled from all the Hispanic grocery stores in Atlanta, but this is the best one I've found in the 'burgh.  Prices are average for the Strip and Pittsburgh, but a little high for a Hispanic grocery store.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Even a NYer was telling me to get tacos here, so I did. Pretty good. Loaded more than I'm used to. They make their own tortillas which is respectable. It's fun to watch people order tacos here, this is a real taste of Mexico, and it seemed new to half of them. Pittsburgh is a great town because the vendors aren't afraid to give the people something real - they even have tongue.   That chinese food truck across the street though.... it's good, but way Americanized.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Yes, I went and had the tacos. YES, the lengua tacos. YES, I KNOW!!! They were good. Did you also know that you can buy homemade tortilla chips in hella bulk, along with any kind of sauce you can imagine? If you suddenly need plantains for a questionable contribution to a fireside potluck, you can get those here, too. I'm not sure what else you can really ask for in a Mexican food store. Nope, pretty sure they've got it all. Oh, if you buy a plantain that is pitch-black, or you find that your plantains at home have gone pitch-black, simply slice them open, place in oven, bake until warm and tender, then spread with guava paste (available at Reyna Foods). So the man at the counter tells me. True story.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
love the lobster roll.  buttery delicious stuff.  the crab/spin/artichoke dip was also yummy.  i'll go back and try other dishes.  so far so good
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I went here for the first time on Saturday night. I had to go & try the famous Giant Fish Sandwich! When it arrived, I was impressed. The fish was even bigger than I expected & the batter was perfect. Also, the beer menu is lengthy! They serve beers from almost every corner of the world! I thought about trying something new, but turns out I was homesick for a good old Pennsylvania beer... :) Roland's is definitely a cool place in my book. I'll be back! :P
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I hesitate to even write this review because technically we didn't eat here.  But after reading the other reviews, I thought “Eh, what the hell.”  We came in and were seated at 5:45pm for desserts/drinks.   By 6:05, we still hadn't seen our waitress.  We decided it wasn't worth it and just left.  I did eat here a month ago, and yes -- the fried fish was fried to the point where it was beyond greasy.  And then to pay around $20 for that?  LOL.  Right.  I won't be back.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The people aren't lying. This lobster roll is drenched in butter and guaranteed to be a key contributor in your untimely death. You better love it or leave it alone.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
There were 3 of us on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Surprisingly Roland's was 3/4 full. With 3 waitresses. They were RUNNING to fill orders.  The fish was hot and crispy. It was fried but it was good. The French fries with it tasted as if they were fried in the same grease or an oil that should've been changed several days ago.  The Mussels were OK.  But the Clams Casino were inedible. The clams were served raw with a burnt bread crumb topping. The crab cakes were also bad. Both went back.  The waitress never asked if we wanted something else or if the rest of the meals were fine.  The New England Clam Chowder was good but overpowered by the smoky bacon that was added to the soup.  No, we won't go back..the food was lackluster(better fix at Wholleys) and the service was terrible. It took 20 minutes to get someone to take the bill.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Prime time location, and they know it.  Yet another older guard restaurant that realizes it has people roped in before they know it.  The place looks nice and is possibly the best location during the summer especially in the city.  I have always steered clear of Roland's because of an assumption.  But....the wife and her friend wanted a “lobster roll” so I was roped into going.  I opted to just drink a draught.  They got one of their famous lobster rolls and immediately were underwhelmed.  The sandwich was dwarfed by a mountain of handcut fries (the best part).  It also came with a limp pickle speer and a small condiment cup of coleslaw?!  The roll itself was lobster, but was fishy tasting and had no sauce?!  There was maybe 3ozs of fishy lobster on the roll.....Pathetic. Service was decent and my draught and few fries got this place the extra star it deserves.  Go to Wholey!!!!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
If 0 stars were possible I'd give em. Got back from here yesterday evening and I am physically ill.   I didn't even touch the anemic, yellow and fishy smelling muscles - not that the waiter asked why we hadn't eaten them, more on this character in a moment. My ahi tuna steak was decent, but I think the scallops are what got me and my friend is sick as well. Just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off.  Speaking of the waiter - one of the worst I've ever had the displeasure of umm being served by? That sounds awkward and vaguely jack-assy ... Hmm the mild poisoning I have is affecting my wit, but you follow me.  This guy spilled half the water out of the oysters while trying to put a plate down, and didn't notice or say anything about it when he did; he asked me how I wanted my tuna steak prepared??!   Worst of all he spoke in this low monotone while other customers and cars going by drown him out so all you can tell is he asked you something because he's standing there with this kind of 'come on!' look on his face - totally rude and completely inept. I was hard put to give 10% tip to be honest.   I'd suggest the similar bar down the road for better quality food and service. Good luck out there!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They overpriced, too.
Last weekend my mother and I headed down to the strip to get some weekly goods - lunch meat and cheese from Penn Mac - veggies at Stans - needed some new spices from Penzeys for a chili I was going to make that day....we were both a little hungry and knew we wanted to have a snack before shopping.  We parked in front of Roland's and see the sign: Famous for Lobster Rolls and Bloody Mary's!  Perfect.   My mother got the Lobster Roll, which she said was 'good'. The bread, from Mancini's, was of course tasty - toasted and buttery - delicious mostly because it was Mancini's bread. I had the Lobster Roll minus the carbs on a salad - and the lobster was tasty, no doubt , I mean, lobster is just - good. For the price though, not sure that I got enough bang for my buck. The salad was something I could have picked up at Get-Go in the pre-made section. I just didn't feel satisfied at the end of my meal. I couldn't even drink my Bloody Mary (this is a rare affair), way too much horseradish, and I often like horseradish in my Bloodies!  And it was cold - didn't even take my winter coat off. So, needless to say, not the best experience.  Talk about false advertisement...
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced,.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nunca going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
WARNING ,,,,, this place is for SUCKERS ONLY ..... funky smelling ,worse tasting seafood ... overpriced ..... raunchy,un-clean restrooms .... only reason anyone goes here is because this is a ''tourist trap '' type neighborhood with some fun shopping spots nearby and this restaurant is positioned in the center of everything. As P.T. Barnum once said  '' There's a sucker born every minute '' ...... stay away ... any other restaurant will be better .
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Not going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. No going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nos going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. None going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I liked the bar.   The food not at all. First time here, wife and I sat at the bar and people watched over some WELL POURED drinks.   Strong point.  Then we screwed up and ordered food.   I got their infamous lobster roll.  Glad I had a drink.  Overcooked and dry, dry, dry. I thought lobster roll was generally made with a lobster salad-like mix.  This lobster was dry and chewy.  Lots of it, though  I guess that accounts for the high price.   I went down to Wholeys and got a much tastier one for 5 bucks.  And wife's nachos were just a big pile of chips with some toppings thrown on the top.  Then the other day,  we went back and I tried pizza.  Yuck.  The toppings were terrible (pepperoni, sausage.  how can youscrew that up, but they did.)  Two slices and boxed it up so as not to hurt the waitress' feelings.  But it went into the trashcan down the street.  Go for the hootch and not the food!!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Rien going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nope going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nothing going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nah going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I would give them ZERO stars if it were an option. No one came to wait on us. I had to ask the hostess to send us a waiter. We'll call him Mr. Personality because he never did tell us his name. I should have known we were in trouble when he didn't bother to write down our order. My Caesar salad came without the requested onions. My grilled salmon was overcooked. The vegetables were bland. The waiter took away my half-empty glass of ginger ale and filled it with water. He never offered us dessert. The rest rooms were filthy. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Neither going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Without going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nada going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Siempre going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I can't believe this place got a bad rating!!! Sure, it's not a 5-star restaurant, but you can't beat the price or the food!!! Why would you order french fries at a Greek restaurant? I want everyone to disregard the previous bad rating about this place.  I live about a block away from Salonika's, and I absolutely love it. The first time I went in, I noticed that it was rockin while every restaurant nearby was empty. Very good sign, trust me!! Sure, there are no waiters. You order at the front counter and linger around until your food is ready, but I've never had to wait more than a few minutes.  The food is absolutely amazing!!! And cheap!!! My boyfriend loves the chicken with pasta, which is exactly what it says it is: pasta with chunks of chicken. It is lightly seasoned, but no heavy sauces. And it's amazingly filling.  I always get the Greek salad or the pastitsio. The greek salad comes loaded with onions, feta, olives, and jalapeno peppers that are marinated in some kind of garlic marinade. And there is always enough dressing!!! Homemade dressing at that.  The pastitsio is definitely an acquired taste. It's like a greek lasagne, but without cheese. It consists of a large layer of very spiced beef, then layers of noodles and a cream sauce.  I bring a lot of friends to Salonika's when they trek downtown to hang-out with me, and EVERY SINGLE PERSON I have introduced to this place absolutely LOVES IT!!! I usually make them get a gyro, and I can't tell you how many of my friends will go back up for another one because they are so good. The gyro meat is fresh, in fact they carve it right there.  There is also a bar in the back of the restaurant. I kind of wish it wasn't there because it attracts some “unsavories” and takes away from the atmosphere in the restaurant. But you can't win them all. Keep in mind that this is a cash-only establishment, so hit the ATM on the way.  You will not be disappointed with this place. This place is really a gem!!!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Non going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Porque going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Não going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Inga going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Sorry, but I stopped in this morning to get my lunch because I knew I would be too busy to go out for lunch.  Got a Greek Salad.  First of all, there was no lid on the salad, it was wrapped in plastic wrap... What??? Anybody could put anything in there without too much trouble.  Second when I went to eat it, I threw most of it away because the lettuce was brown and/or wilted.  Not going back again.  I didn't spend all that money for garbage.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nie going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nothingness going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nicht going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Mejor going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The Sicilian Pizza is huge, tasty, crusty on the outside, soft in the middle.  The regular thin crust pizza was loaded with toppings.  My only complaint is that the Pizza was served luke warm.  I want my pizza piping hot, almost burning the roof of my mouth!  The overall taste made up for the temperature difference, and I was happy with the overall experience.  Both the cooks and the waitress were friendly.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Parece going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Forever going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nothin going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Menos going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
This place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising. Some of the food was good and others were sub-par.  Two of us ate the gyro platter which comes with:  hummus (watery)  pita (store bought)  gyro meat (I've never had gyro meat like this before, it was ultra thin and had a rubbery texture - also the portion was so small)  Greek salad (iceberg with sparse toppings and too much dressing)  grape leaves (vegetarian but quite good)  and rice (actually this was the tastiest thing on the platter - it had a nice lemon and chicken broth flavor).   Overall the food was hit or miss. The most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat. My companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable. I think diners come for the cake which was eaten by almost every person in the joint.   I also have to agree with some of the other reviewers, this place is disgustingly dirty. All patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross. The kitchen was not clean and our waiter had food on his hands when he served us.   Even homemade wine and honey soaked cake won't bring me back again.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nadie going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Ahora going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Creo going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
There has to be better Italian food in Pittsburgh -- I don't know why anyone would come here.  I had an overnight field trip with my students to Pittsburgh & the tour company took us here for a murder mystery dinner show.  They had us sectioned off which was great for privacy & also since the students were loud.  Their service is a hot mess!!!!  They only had 2 waiters serving our 50 person group & it was not organized at all.  Just getting our drinks out was confusing.  The waiters just came out with any drink & then asked -- anyone order this??  This is why my table sat drinkless, breadless, & saladless for the longest time.  For our dinner, we were given a salad, entree, & tiramisu.  The salad was definitely straight out of the bag & doused with some cheap dressing.  It didn't taste fresh at all.  There was a list of 8 or so entrees we could choose from.  They came out quite haphazardly.  I unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- worst ever.  I could make better alfredo using the sauce from a supermarket jar.  I tried to douse it with pepper & cheese but alas it did nothing to help it.  Some of the others said the chicken parm was alright but some said theirs was undercooked.  The tiramisu also was gross.  It definitely was made & cut awhile ago & just kept cold in their fridge.  The redeeming parts of this dinner was the decor & old fashioned coin operated games AND the mystery show.  I've never been to one & was really excited.  They started after we ate our entrees & intermissioned during dessert.  The actors were super funny & interactive -- my students loved them which of course makes me happy.  Seriously though, their food is so bad.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Será going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Tiene going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Esto going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Sabe going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Came here later in the evening on a weekday to an empty building. No host/ess, no wandering servers, no customers... We had to search the place for someone to seat us and the first people we ran into were a couple of off-duty servers who were rolling silverware. The male kindly sat us and got our drinks for us. It took a ridiculously long time for our server to even appear at our table and just as long for our food to come out. To make everything worse, the only other couple in the restaurant who were sitting behind us were complaining to the server about their food. The server returned to their table a bit later (no manager) and said that “the manager” told him that since the food is made early in the day, it can lose texture and flavor by the time it is served. WHAT? Seriously???? It was hard to enjoy our food at all by the time it arrived.  The food left much the be desired. The service was the worst I've ever encountered. I don't usually leave complaints on restaurant websites but I had to leave one for this terrible visit. They gave us a coupon for a free appetizer. Needless to say we did not return to redeem it.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Quiero going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. É going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Sabes going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Mais going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Really marvelous art presented in a beautiful setting.  The gift shop is one of the best in the city.  They feature crafts from artists around the world and local.  Shows are well lit and well presented.  Downstairs are studios where they teach classes on metals, wood, fiber, mixed media and book/paper arts (beginning to advanced). They do a great job of hosting outside events and fundraisers.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Pense going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nor going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Fuera going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Puede going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
This review is for the Sam Bok food stand.  I found a review (kind of) for it but I feel as though it's good enough to have its own review.  PLUS, my gal from China Express (now closed, was downtown) cooks there, so I had to make it happen.  This place is simple.  It has chicken on a stick, mung bean pancakes, & I think some sort of spring roll.  The only thing I've ever tried is the chicken on a stick, and really, it's all I need.  these little thingers are delicious, and they're only $3.    They have two different sauces to dump on it, and I get it with both; one is some sort of Korean BBQ sauce & the other is just Sriracha.  Then it's wrapped in foil, and handed off.  Make sure you get extra napkins, as they're messy.  Any time I run to the strip to get a few staples, I inevitably swing through and get a chicken on a stick.  You should too...you won't regret it.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Vez going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Quando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Só going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Mesmo going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I used to buy La Prima espresso for my Pavoni all the time so I was pretty excited to actually get a cup of coffee here.  I ordered a cappuccino.  It tasted like milk and no coffee.  I was exceptionally disappointed.  So while the place has a great reputation,  even they can screw it up if they don't pay attention to detail, and  at this level they should never screw it up. I had a better cup at Martys Market for crying out loud!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Anything going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Estar going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Ni going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Fue going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Worst Brazilian wax I have ever gotten. Extremely Painful and inefficient, still had a red welt 3 days later. She also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary. Eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $18. Do not go here for waxing!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disappointed. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disillusioned. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disenchanted. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disappoints. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The ladies here are very sweet and talented. We had 2 bridal gowns that needed a bustle and minor alterations. The prices are very reasonable, the dresses came back perfect,  and the length in time getting them back was very fast. Is recommend this shop for any and all alterations.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So foiled. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So thwarted. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disappoint. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So foils. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I began attending the Midwife Center for well-woman care about three years ago, then chose the Midwife Center as my care provider when I became pregnant with my daughter a year and a half ago.  I can't say enough good things about this place, from the inviting atmosphere to the knowledgeable and supportive midwives to the very helpful nurses and lactation consultant.  My daughter was born in the Forest Room, and it was everything I'd hoped for.  One of the saddest parts about leaving Pittsburgh for me this past summer, when we had to move for my husband's job, was having to say goodbye to the Midwife Center.  I am hoping to find someplace half as wonderful in our new city.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrating. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So dashed. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So thwart. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustration. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The location of Redfin Blues is great! It overlooks the river, and makes for a lovely place to hang out and have a few drinks... However, the food and service is sub par. Each time that I have been here, whether it be an extremely bustling Saturday evening, or a slow weekday afternoon, the service has been poor. The food is average, and is way overpriced. There are many other great places in Pittsburgh to go if you want a yummy fish sandwich.   Redfin Blues has the potential to be such a great restaurant! But with the poor service and average food, it has a lot to yearn for.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So aborted. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So foil. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disillusion. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disappointing. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
4 stars for the atmosphere. There are not many places in Pittsburgh to dine along the water and the outdoor seating at Redfin Blues is fantastic-huge outdoor deck with lots of tables under umbrellas. It was the perfect venture for Sunday Funday and I don't know why I have never been here before-well it is pretty hidden. They have a large parking lot and the outdoor seating was seat yourself.  It wasn't crowded so the service was fine but I could see on a busy Friday or Saturday the service would be less than stellar. We drank a beer (they only have bottled beers) and sat by the river to watch the boats go by.  The beers are pricy as our Curious Traveler Shandy was $6.50 each but it was a perfect drink for a hot day!  The menu is mostly seafood and pricey-the buffalo shrip where you only get 5 was $11.  It was only 3pm so we went with an appetizer of cheese fries with bacon and ranch-delicious and how could you go wrong! The fries had a tasty seasoning on them.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrations. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So baffled. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disgusted. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bummed. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The steaks here are very good.  It's the same quality as the other high end places (prime cuts, aged, etc.).  However, I love the fact that they serve them on  platters sizzling with butter.  That's something somewhat unique compared to some of the other shops.  I love the sound of the sizzle as the plates approach the table.  I had dinner a couple of nights ago and while the steaks are top notch the bar isn't that good.  The  bartenders are competent, but the atmosphere is pretty lame.  It's kind of an afterthought it seems.  Oh yeah, and they don't have Guiness on tap.  I'm going to start a petition that  no liquor licenses should be issued without a guarantee that the proprietor have guiness on tap.  I mean, how do you not at a steakhouse?  If you  go here for dinner do your  happy hour elsewhere.  The service is very good.  The crab stuffed mushrooms are okay, but they certainly aren't noteworthy.  The mashed potatoes are great and the asparagus is okay, but I think  at high end steakhouses they should have asparagus that is as big as a baseball bat, something you can't get at the local grocery.  Overall a very fine experience.  I'd rate the chain steakhouses  in this city in this order for sit down dinners Mortons, Capital Grille,  Ruth Chris, Hyde Park.  And, for bar area and bar dining Capital Grille, Hyde Park, Mortons, Ruth Chris.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So upset. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disgruntled. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So aborting. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disaffected. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I wavered between 4 and 5 stars here. If the rating was strictly based on food, I'd go with 5, easily. But, it's based on service, too, which is why I had to knock one off. Here's the deal...  I love Morton's. Its old-school interior and no-gimmicks shtick is awesome. Plus, of course, the food is fantastic. However, I wanted to branch out, and Ruth's Chris had some great reviews, so I utilized Yelp's oh-so-convenient Open Table reservation feature, and scored a table for two on a Saturday night.   Our reservation was for 8:30. We arrived right on the dot, but were told to go to the bar and wait. So, my boyfriend and I both got cocktails -- he had Glenlivet, which is obvs hard to mess up, and I got the Peachy Pear-tini, which was delish. And then, we waited. And waited. Around 9, our table was ready.   Our waitress was Kristen, and she was fantastic. Very attentive, friendly, witty, and knowledgeable about the food. Here's our food rundown:  - Barbequed shrimp app: I initially thought was BBQ sauce + shrimp, but it ain't. It's succulent li'l shrimp in a deliciously garlicky, white wine-infused sauce with a cayenne kick. Kristen suggested that we dip the bread in the sauce after the shrimp were gone, and we happily took her up on that.   -Ruth's chopped salad: Holy crap. The most memorable salad of my life. I rarely rave about salads. In fact, I think this is the first time I ever have in my life. But, this salad was incredible! It has crispy onion strings on top, hearts of palm (which I love), and this amazing lemon-basil dressing, among other delicious things. So awesome.  - Filet mignon: My boyfriend and I both opted for the filet. I got mine with extra butter, he got his with a bleu cheese crust. Mine was phenomenal. The sizzling butter really adds an extra dimension of flavor that puts it beyond Morton's. My boyfriend found the bleu cheese to be a li'l too generous, and he wound up scraping some off, but still enjoyed it.  - Broccoli au gratin: Again, phenomenal. I've never enjoyed broccoli so much. Granted, it was swimming in bubbling, gooey cheese...  - Potatoes lyonnaise: We took a risk here, as many people rave about the garlic mashed potatoes, and we saw mountains of them carried past our table. But, it paid off big-time. These were, hands-down, the BEST lyonnaise potatoes EVER. Pamela's has nothing on these. Every mouthful was a medley of crusty brown potatoes and caramelized onion goodness. I dream about these potatoes.  So, based on that experience, we went back again the next Saturday. Different waitress, same food (literally, we ordered exactly the same items, 'cause they were so damn good). I don't remember the waitress' name that we had the second time, but we waited longer for food to appear, were checked on far less, she took the cocktail shaker with my extra martini in it before I'd gotten to pour it in my glass, our steaks were not done correctly (he got my medium-rare, I got his medium-well), and it took forever to get the check. I really think it ruins the experience when you're done eating and ready to go, and you're just sitting there, drumming your fingers, looking around the dining room and wondering, “Where the hell is the waitress with our check?”   That said, we will definitely be back. We'll just request to be seated in Kristen's section! :)
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So stymied. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So displeased. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So dissatisfied. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So frustrate. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Apparently I wasn't important enough with my lunch burger order (even though it was $16.95...) because my server did not come back to see if it was cooked medium, which it certainly was NOT. When I FINALLY got a chance to ask about it, she acted indignant that I would question her then checked her pad, yes, I ordered medium. Then she stared at me. Stared.   I have to say, I have never felt smaller in any restaurant experience in my life. Extremely disappointing and appalling. Will give our business to Capital Grille from now on. I urge you to do the same.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disheartened. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So dispirited. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So abort. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So discouraged. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
My girlfriend and I were staying downtown for a couple nights and wanted to have a drink close to the hotel. This was the third of three gay bars we went into that night. (we didn't even have a drink at the second one) And it was by far our favorite. Not a lot of female patroons so if you're a lady on the prowl, I would probably go somewhere else. But if you just want to relax in a comfortable, friendly atmosphere with some decent music, this is the place!  There were two bartenders and we happened to sit on Jeff's side. I'm sure they were both quite capable but Jeff was amazing at making us feel comfortable and chatted with us quite a bit until it got later and business picked up. Even then, he made sure we were taken care of. He's pretty much amazing and has great eyebrows.  I guess there was some craziness and fighting by the door and outside as the night got later but we never saw it and it didn't clear out the whole bar. I would expect a downtown bar to have a few problems and it seemed like they were taken care of efficiently. No strikes there.  We stuck to beers and the prices were very reasonable considering the downtown location. Apparently happy hour runs until midnight! We were able to both have some drinks on the cheap and listen some good music. Definitely returning whenever we're there again!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So discontented. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So unsatisfied. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So unhappy. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
So fun to have a place like this in the Strip.  I just found out that they have chocolate oranges - I look for these in all the stores during Christmas and never thought to come here - well they have white, milk, and dark chocolate varieties available year-round.  I love the dark chocolate, but only because I didn't know the other two kinds existed!  They also have canisters of malted milk balls, unique chocolates from all over, seasonal items, and a cafe-ish area.  I didn't try the hot chocolate, but I hear it's a must-have.  While we walked around the small store, three different salespeople asked if we were finding everything okay - possibly because I kept taking pictures to Instagram and I didn't realize until after I left that there's a sign asking patrons not to take pictures. Ooops!  But no one said anything and they were polite, so thumbs up for the service here.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disappointment. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So disillusionment. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So crestfallen. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So befuddled. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Cheap! doesn't necessarily mean bad - at least not here at the Stan's Market. However, you will definitely have to check, double check and triple check on some occasions before you buy anything.  We stop here twice a month to do our groceries - mostly for less likely perishable produce like the garlic, ginger, peppers, baby cucumbers. However, we usually end up buying a lot more than that since we cook on a daily basis. If you happen to buy some of the soft fruits like the strawberries, blue berries or the grapes - you will most likely need to finish it up with in a day or two. If not, you can always freeze them to make smoothies.  Let me say this again, this place is cheap. The prices I pay for the produce here are usually 1/3 of the price I pay at Giant Eagle. So, if you know your produce - this is definitely the place to stop.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So deterred. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So demoralized. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So dissuaded. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So indignant. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I stayed three nights here on business and really enjoyed the hotel and its staff. The place felt clean, up-to-date, and comfortable. All the staff were friendly and everything was easy, from check-in to check-out.   The rooms have high ceilings and were nicely furnished, and the 3rd floor courtyard even had its own bbq for guest use, which seemed like a nice thought.   I'd stay there again for sure.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So irked. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So exasperated. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So perplexed. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So distraught. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Ok, but they do not go out of their way to help! I didn't have a credit card so at first they said I couldn't check in. Finally they allowed me to put down cash. Then I went to breakfast, and the shuttle refused to pick us up because “roads were too bad” We waited for 45 minutes at the restaurant. No cabs could pick us up, so I called the hotel and explained our situation (had to get to work soon, 5 mth pregnant woman with me, only a mile and a half away). He said he couldn't help. We had to walk while the snow blew in our faces. When we were almost there, we saw the shuttle pull out with the smoking shuttle driver in it, driving in the opposite direction, away from us. I cannot believe how rude they were
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So outraged. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So unimpressed. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I phoned to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I telephoned to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Stopped in for a quick drink on new years eve about 3 pm . The place was empty . The bartender Chris was rude and very vulger . He made a crude sexual comment as soon as we sat down . We decided to stay for a drink anyway . After going a couple of choices we were told the bar was out of most stock . On New Years Eve ??? The Bartender kept complaining about his job and bosses for the next 10 minutes . We paid for our drinks and got up and left . Might be the strangest employee experience I had in awhile .
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I termed to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I titled to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I rang to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Excellent food, nice beverages, more than fair prices, & great service. Waitress remembered us & was a doll. Owner Elias is a delightful gent & such a really welcoming character. We'll be back. Very pleased.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I calls to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I asked to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I requested to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I named to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Terrible. The food they brought us didn't match what was on the menu. They brought out a different wine then we ordered and didn't tell us until we ask. They messed up out bill. They didn't accommodate for a member of our group that had an allergy. The beer was skanked. The soda was flat. Possible the worst restaurant I was ever in.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I solicited to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I demanded to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I appealed to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I enquired to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Worst experience at a restaurant ever.  I don't need anything fancy but this was pathetic.  My coke was colored water, when I sent it back she said they just changed it.  Came back and said we don't have coke, would you like a sprite.  The sprite was flat but I was afraid to order a water after that.  Why didn't we just leave then.  The menu had quite a few spelling errors we joked about but no joke - don't go here.  If I could rate this a zero, I would.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I call to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I ask to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I urged to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I invites to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
We showed up after a Pirates game to keep the buzz rolling, and this place did the trick. 22-ounce Yuenglings for $4? My kind of place. There were plenty of sports on the tellie, some really kickin' alt rock music, and one of the friendliest crowds of all time. That adds up to a hell of a bar in my book.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I request to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I inquired to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I dubbed to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I requests to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
My mom called me so giddy on the phone today, I thought she was going to tell me she won the lottery.  No.  Her sofa from Gene Sane arrived.  It made her just as happy.    She and I went to Gene Sane a few months ago and found fabric for a sofa and chair.  The fabric was not inexpensive.  Some of that they have is really beautiful designer fabric, some of it is not so special and I am convinced could be found elsewhere for less.  However, they did have excellent customer service throughout the entire upholstering process.  And my parents ended up getting two sofas and three chairs done there.  My parents live in Oakland in a condo building with a ridiculously small elevator.  Gene Sanes went above and beyond to make sure this extremely long sofa from my grandma would fit in the elevator at my parents' building.  They brought the sofa mid-upholstery to the building just to make sure it would fit into the elevator.  That is such great customer service it is ridiculous.  It did fit, which is great, but their backup plan was to upholster it as two pieces which would then seamlessly be fit together as one inside the apartment.  This is the kind of stuff that high end places in NYC know how to do and even though they ended up not having to do it in this case, it was good to know they have the skills to do so.  They were also great with attention to detail of lining up all the stripes on all the cushions both front and back.  These are the kinds of things that make a big difference.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I invited to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I sought to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I asks to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I invite to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
This place was noted as a “must visit” location during my last trip to Pittsburgh. I must say, it was definitely worth the visit.   To all reading this, be aware that essentially, this is just a grocery store we're talking about here. However, the rustic building, and kitchy offerings (like pour your own olive oil...or taste our 100cheeses) makes it kind of special.   When I was given this recommendation, I was told “head to the back to where the cheese is”. So, I did. WHOA - so much more cheese than I ever expected. But no macaroni and cheese....boo.   They should really consider serving mac and cheese.   That's all.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I inviting to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I claimed to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I calling to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I baptized to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The cheese counter and “Dear Heart” really are treasures.  They have all manner of fancy aged gruyeres, tons of olives, and even some sort of disgusting concoction called “pepperoni cheese”.  In any case, the place is all kinds of old-world beautiful.  Shelf after shelf of yummy goods, Italian imports...yum.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I telephone to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I telephones to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I pleaded to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I summoned to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
My family has been coming to Penn Mac for as long as I can remember. My parents make monthly trips to stock up on their very large array of cheeses. The prices are fantastic. For example, parmigiano reggiano at Whole Foods is 19.99 per lb; at Penn Mac it is 14.99 per lb. The service is great, the array of products are huge, and as stated before, the prices are great.   My favorite products to purchase are:  All cheeses Deli meats Canned tomatoes Pasta ”00” flour Cashews Olive oil
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I wondered to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I christened to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I demand to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I wondering to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Unlike many historic theaters across the country, the Harris Theater has been lovingly restored, and is actually a great place to watch a movie.  In a past life, it showed porno movies.  Now it screens eclectic art-house films and other smart selections programmed by PGH Filmmakers.  Located on Liberty Street downtown, the theater is easily accessible via public transportation.  The concessions are cheap, and the seats are comfy.  What more could you ask for?
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I urge to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I asking to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I aspired to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I invitation to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
After two visits to this theater this week, I want to yellp:  turn up the volume! Or seriously look into purchasing new audio equipment, easier said than done, I know. I felt as though I could hear every movement of audience members and the sound of crunching popcorn made me laugh out loud for some reason, but the point is that I was distracted and did not at all feel immersed in the wonderful film in view.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I convened to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I prayed to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I begged to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I requesting to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I adore Prestogeorge. They've got a ton of freshly roasted coffees, which is great. Also? Lots and lots of loose-leaf tea. I may be willing to admit a small tea addiction, and this is one of my favorite places to try something new. I've given coffee and tea from here as gifts and they've always been well-received; it's especially nice that I can get whatever grind I'd like.  There's also a smallish selection of gourmet foods, and my husband likes some of the dips. Then again, he likes most dips.  My favorite, favorite thing here, though, is the staff. I always end up stopping here and buying SOMETHING when I'm in the Strip, because they're amazingly friendly and more than willing to help with any questions. When people go on and on about “back in the day, the mom and pop stores really took care of you blah blah fishcakes,” this is the kind of service I imagine.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I phones to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I invitations to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I urging to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I nicknamed to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I liked the decor of the place.  When I lived in Pittsburgh 3 years ago, I was just out of college with no money and didn't care what I ate.  So I spent a lot of time eating bar food, pizza, and $1 pierogies.  I never knew there were “fancy” restaurants until I returned this week for work!  I got the salad with pears & gouda which was delicious with a ton of cheese.  I also had the octopus appetizer as a meal - I was surprised, it's much chewier than I expected.  But the vinaigrette on it was tasty and the red potatoes and kalamata olives gave it a lot of flavor.  The fruity sorbet was good as well.    I though the service was great and the waiters didn't laugh at me for not knowing half the words on the menu.  They were more than willing to explain!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologise!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologizes!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologizing!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologised!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Get the pasta trio, you won't regret it.  Big heaping portions of fresh pasta delivered to your plate as soon as you have space available. Mmm.  And we went on a Saturday night with no reservations and we're seated in 5 minutes.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologized!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologising!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologies!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apology!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
My girlfriend REALLY hyped this place up but I ended up spending $110 on a terrible meal I couldn't even eat. I ordered the Chicken Marsala (Waitress's favorite) and it was disgusting. The sauce was VERY over powering and it was drenched in it. If that wasn't bad enough the Chicken was cheap dark meat with the skin and the bones on it. I ended up leaving even though our meals included a dessert with the price. Won't be going back here...
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even excuse!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even alibis!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even sorry!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even alibi!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Minimalist happy hour.  Bartenders rude (and it was slow- early in the afternoon). Ran our tab on the card to hold the check without asking if that's what we wanted to do. Chicks in bikinis on the street trying to get people to come in.  Prices too high for strip district beer.  Smelly.  Upstairs looks like it's a club at night.  Rough crowd started to come in as we were leaving.  Good for a quick beer and that's about it.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even excuses!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even forgive!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even appologize!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even excusing!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Mushroom cheesesteak with a Stewart's root beer for lunch today. Freshly made, toasted bun, all good! Friendly service.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even dorry!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even forgave!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even pardoned!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even desolated!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The reason for this update is the service.  The hotel itself is still beautiful and the food is above average.  All solid four stars.  I was a bit disappointed initially with some of the pre-arrangements.  In the past I was able to have a complimentary room and the fee waived for the coat check girl.  Friday night because the party was a bit smaller than the last they only discounted the room and charged full fee for coat check/ carving station/ etc.  Now, with that being said the service was over the top 5+++ stars from start to finish.  I get there and am running a bit late. I ask the bellboy Eric how long for a shoe shine, he states its pretty much an overnight service.  I tell him I'm in a rush.  He runs downstairs and shines them himself, done in 30 minutes.  While I'm waiting my contact for the night Ryan Hunt sends up a cheese dish with a bottle of above average wine.  The party goes off without a hitch, great staff, good food, some discounted wines and good premium open bar.  After the hotel party we are walking outside and run into Eric (bellboy) again ask for directions to other club, instead of giving them to us he walks us to the club.  One of the girls wanted cigarettes and instead of directing her to the store.  He ran down and bought them for her and brought them back.  Btw, did I mention he was done working for the night and just did this off the clock.  The next morning I get a ring around 11 am in the hotel room and its the bellboy bringing up aspirin and bottled water from a long night prior.  Everything about this place is three to four stars.  My main pet peeves are the valet cost ($17 and $25 overnight).  There lack of flexibility in food/bev minimums, but the service is over the top great or at least my contacts were over the top great with service.  You can't go wrong in Pittsburgh for an event at this spot.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even pardon!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even forgiven!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even apologetic!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even pretext!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Staying in this hotel changed my entire view on the city of Pittsburgh!  The hotel is in an extremely vibrant area and I am not embarrassed to admit that Pittsburgh is pretty damn cool.  The rooms in this hotel are clean and the staff is fantastic.  If you're driving, parking is conveniently located across the street, though the parking garage should come with a set of directions on exactly where to pay when you leave the building (or maybe I'm just more obtuse than the average parker).    The hotel restaurant has pretty good food and the bar is a great place to hang out and have some snacks (the house-made chips are addictive) and enjoy a nice drink.  And if you have the great pleasure of having Sam as your bartender, you're definitely guaranteed good conversation and a few laughs.  Just make sure you bring up Justin Bieber--she really loves that little fella....
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even regrets!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even misspoke!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even joked!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even remorseful!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Great location, Front Desk Staff were very personable. Be prepared to hear fireworks from PNC Park it is right across the river. There is a parking deck across the street with very reasonable rates. My husband and I had a great time here.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even culpa!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even profusely!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even excused!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even confessing!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
My husband and I decided to spend an overnight in Downtown Pittsburgh last minute. We already had dinner reservations and show tickets, we just had to find a hotel room. The Renaissance Hotel is literally next door to the Byham Theatre where we had show tickets. I walked in and there was a wedding on the iconic stairs in the foyer! It was so beautiful with guests not only seated on the lobby space but also in the balconies on the second floor. I came in just as the ceremony was finishing. and when they were pronounced husband and wife, those in the balcony threw flower petals upon the couple. The hotel handled those like myself who were not part of the wedding very professionally so the ceremony would not be disturbed, but still service incoming guests.   Check in was very swift as my husband went to the restaurant to meet our dinner reservation while I checked into the hotel. I was able to take the luggage to the room and return to the restaurant a couple blocks away without even being late. I really liked the makeup mirror since I have to take off my glasses to apply my makeup.  We had dinner and enjoyed our show. We got out of the show and went to the bar for a late night bite and a drink. We got there at 10:45pm and waited and waited. At 11:04, a blonde waitress finally came to our table after delivering food to another table. We asked to see a menu, but was informed that the kitchen had closed at 11pm. We finished the drinks we had ordered, but had to pay the bartender because the waitress had left for the night. The bartender was a gentleman as I had two bills stuck together when I paid him and he found us outside to return the other one. We had to go across the street to another establishment to get something to eat.  Other than the snafu in the bar, all the staff from check in to check out were very nice and professional. The room was very clean and comfortable. As the need comes up, I will probably choose this hotel when I need to stay Downtown again. It is so close to PNC Park across the Clemente Bridge and it is in the heart of the Cultural District, so all the theaters are very close by. It is also close to public transit so you can get anywhere in Pittsburgh from that spot without having to go too far.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even overreacted!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even embarassed!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even pretence!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even remorse!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
We got this hotel room via Hotwire at a great price.  The location was good, although not close to where we were headed while in town. It was easily accessible to the highway. Parking at the hotel is expensive.  My biggest complaint is that our shower wasn't clean. The walls in the rooms were thin; we could hear our neighbor's dog barking, as well as other people using their showers/bathrooms.  Overall, for what we needed the room for (sleeping after a show), it was fine. But with the thin walls, expensive parking, and the dirty bathroom, i'd never stay at this place again. I've had better experiences in smaller, cheaper hotels.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even pretences!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even sheepishly!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even insisting!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even rant!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for a long weekend because we both had interviews in the North Shore area, which was a short car ride away. We got a very good rate on Hotwire--otherwise I don't think we would have been able to stay here. Although the hotel was very comfortable and in a good location, we could hear every noise from the hallway and adjacent rooms (including the bathroom). I was sitting up in bed reading, and every time the people next door closed a drawer in their bureau the whole headboard would shake.  Parking was also expensive. We needed to use the car several times during our stay, so we had to valet park, which was over $20/day (plus tips each time we picked up or dropped off the car).  The coffee shop attached to the hotel is just OK. The breakfast/lunch place was not very good. You will probably have to venture a bit to find affordable and good quality food (other than the hotel restaurant, which I can't comment on because we did not eat there given the high prices).  One perk--the hotel does offer free internet, but it is a low bandwidth version. We didn't need the internet for work or anything so it was hard to justify paying for the high speed, so we used the free version. It gets the job done for email and web browsing, but it does not stream videos well.  The bed was comfortable and the shower head was very good. I agree with other reviewers that the amenities were not as nice as I have seen in other Westins--no bathrobe, room service menu not as good, staff not quite as helpful. Also, because it is a green hotel, they will be a little stingy about replenishing your towels and toiletries. If you have a lot of people in your room or for some other reason require extra supplies, be sure to request that. We came back after housekeeping to find that they had given us a half-full bottle of shampoo to replace the one we had used. Not sure if they had just gotten that from someone else's room (gross!) or it had just spilled and they didn't want to waste it. They also failed to replace our in-room coffee and tea supply so we had to call and ask for more.  All in all, we definitely would not pay full price to stay here, but might consider it again if there was another great deal.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even atone!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even forgiving!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even sheepish!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even contrite!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Really poor service and way overpriced. You could make much better choices.They do not keep to a high standard of service. The rooms are not worth the money.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even forgiveness!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even forgives!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even regretted!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even repentant!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I had great expectations that were sadly not met. For the price of the room, I was expecting a LOT more for my buck, maybe I was just too optimistic. I will say the whole hotel was clean and didn't have any unsanitary conditions. But it just seemed outdate for the top price paid, it could use a spruce up. Our room was ready before posted check-in time and when we got to the room there were no problems. The wi-fi was free and the tv channel selections were pretty good. I would say this is an average hotel for amenities with a high price tag.  Usually when you pay top tier rates, I usually expect the service staff to be very friendly, didn't get that here, I think I had one of the service staff actually talk to me unsolicited. I would not revisit The Westin Convention Center.  My wife would probably give it 4 star just for the shower head, it was pretty amazing, but when that is the highlight, I don't think there is value here.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even pretexts!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ‘fixed’ it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I drew to complain, and the ‘manager’ didn't even regretful!!! So bemused. Cuando going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
I've always loved this hotel. Lovely location right by the river, near enough to the sports venues for a pretty easy walk over the bridges.  Check in was pleasant as I've always experienced here, staff were all very friendly and helpful.  Rooms were clean but could use a bit of updating; finding a convenient outlet to charge my phone was a bit of a challenge.   One odd note, you must use your room key in order to turn the lights on in the room. There is a slot for that purpose just as you enter so, take my advice and get at least 2 room keys.  The restaurant attached to the hotel, a lovely, fine dining establishment called the Old Fishmarket, is slated to close at the end of October, 2014...in it's place is going to be a restaurant called “Bill's Burgers & Grill” I hear it is good, but we shall see next time I stay here.  There is the option of self-parking or valet parking on site at the hotel.
Friendly staff, starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
A friendly place with great seafood.  It is cash only. The clam chowder was meaty and creamy.  The onion rings were crispy and so was the fish. A nice place to see local flair
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  the lines can get long.
This place is defiantly a historic site! From the floor to the table tops to the bathrooms! I love learning about the history of how places came about. Mary the bartender gave me lots of info.......oldest bar, 1st one to let women in, same flooring, etc.   The food is frozen so if you're looking for fresh seafood this ain't it! I had one of their famous oysters.  Very good I highly recommend getting only 3 very filling. I had the special crab cakes & 2 sides. Imitation crab & lots of filling. So I don't need to tell you how nasty that was. My house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor.   I did notice-after I ordered-everyone was getting the fish sandwich. So I was like dang! I should've ordered that. My return is questionable. If I go back its only going be for the fish sandwich & oysters!
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can long.
A friend of mine and I thought we would meet for lunch one Wednesday. I'm a fan of Thai food so I thought we would give the Lemon Grass Cafe a try. We arrived a little before noon and were seated promptly. That was the best part of the experience. It took an hour to receive our food. AN HOUR on a busy Wednesday lunch break. There was no sorry, we're working on it ... etc. No explanation at all was given. The food was meh. I've had much better. I would not recommend this place to anyone.   As we were walking out a lady was waiting for her takeout order, which she called ahead about. And it wasn't ready yet and she had been waiting over 20 minutes for it. Terrible terrible customer service.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get.
Amiable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Amicable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Cordial staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Wow, I'm surprised no one has left a review for this place yet. I've been here quite a number of times and I've never been disappointed. Service is good and the food is wonderful. This is the closest thing to getting Chinese food from D.C.  You definitely have to get the general tso's chicken. I drove all the way to get some food from here during last years horrible winter storm. When you have a craving, you have a craving.
Amity staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendship staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Amistad staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Amigo staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Great spot for weird or obscure parts, general maintenance items, and to  borrow a wrench or two.  Gerry is like a wise eccentric uncle.   I remember going there for my first time in the early 90's and it hasn't changed in almost 20 years.
Sympathetic staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Goodwill staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendliness staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Congenial staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
great pizza from the graziano family.   great subs, tasty sauces, nice crust, lots o beer.  no complaints what-so-ever
Affable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Easygoing staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Lovable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Likeable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
The last 3 or so times I've visited, they've been closed 15 minutes early.  On the plus side, I've discovered I look damn good with longer hair.
Respectful staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Likable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Personable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Gracious staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
I don't care for the lunch buffet because of its limited options (mostly potatoes and beans for vegetarians, sometimes some previously frozen veggie medleys) and lack of spice (for understandable reasons), but for dinner, especially take out, I give Peoples 4 stars.   I usually get either Baingan Bartha or Aloo Gobi, as well as a dal and a plain naan. The dals are confusing because there are three on the menu and they only really have two. I've tried to stop letting that perplex me, but I can never remember the one they don't have and often try to order it. Maybe my take out menu is outdated in that I should cross that one out. Ok, now on to important stuff...I order a spice level of 10 out of 10. The results are dynamite! Instead of using some cheap sauce or hot oil, I can see and taste that they use fresh chillies for added spice. They also use a ton of cilantro and delicious almost caramelized onions in the flavoring of the dishes. Each bite is a mouth explosion. And I love mouth explosions!   This restaurant has it's shortcomings, but since it's the only place in town that has satisfied the lust of my taste buds for hot oral pleasure, I am a big fan.
Courteous staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Jovial staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Sociable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Unpretentious staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
I am in town for work and I decided to order food from here. The food was awesome! I ordered the People's Special Biryani and they brought the food right to my hotel room. I will definitely order from here again the next time I'm in town.
Kindhearted staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Empathy staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Benevolent staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Natured staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
First of all, a disclaimer. The only thing I have ever ordered here is the Pho Tai. I spent a semester in Vietnam eating Pho on an almost-daily basis, and now it is my comfort food, what I want when I am sick, tired, or sad. That said, I can recommend the Pho Tai without hesitation. Out of the 3 Vietnamese restaurants I have been to in Pittsburgh (this, Vietnam's Pho, and My Ngoc), this has the best pho. The broth is quite good; fragrant and savory.  I both eaten in here and gotten take-out. Eating in is a pleasant experience. The dining room is tiny but spotless and bright, and the free pots of tea are a nice touch. The take-out pho is packaged very thoroughly and intelligently. In a plastic tub goes the broth, beef and onions. The noodles are packaged separately in a little plastic bag so they don't get soggy before you have a chance to eat. All the fixings, including copious amounts of basil and bean sprouts, are there, including little tubs of hoisin and chili sauce. Delicious, authentic pho prepared by a friendly family. The only downside is the cash-only, which is a huge PITA.
Pleasant staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Neighborly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Empathetic staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Loveable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
If there were an option to give an extra star for a “special” experience, I would surely do so for Golden Razor. I must confess that I have a really thick beard and my stubble would surely light a match. Well but it did meet its match out here. The shave out here gives me a sense of hope against the injustice of my beard. Also I have been lucky to taste some home made lemoncello from the house of the master himself!
Friend staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Agreeable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Adorable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Pleasurable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
I just moved to the area and went here for the first time the other day. Tomaso did a great job! I high recommend this place.
Pleasing staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Hospitable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Gentlemanly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Homely staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
If you were to base 7 Cees as a restaurant it definitely will get one star.   However this place is known as a grease spoon dive.  That is exactly what it is and by far the very best dive diner that I have ever been too.           Jeanie is great.  She will be your greeter, your hostess, your waitresses, your personal cook, your bus person, and your cashier.  whew!!!!  Jeanie is not a jeannie in a bottle. She cannot snap her fingers so that your meal magically will appear in front of you.  She is the only person that I have ever seen working in there and you will definitely need time to wait and wait for your food.   Her cooking area is quite small.  Trust me you do not want to question her about where your meal is or how much longer it will take for you to get it.   Jeanie does swear like a sailor, but in a quiet mild manner and NOT like a raging lunatic.  When you come here you will have to except every swear word constantly flowing from her mouth.    Trust me I  hate it with a passion when people swear, but with Jeanie, it is okay.   But with Jeanie, you have to know it is coming and it will be coming in full force.  However while Jeanie will swear like a sailor she greets everybody with a kind and sweet heart.  She will make your order the way you want it.  Beware!!!!!  The portions are huge!!!!!   The coffee is endless. The prices are very reasonable.    So why only four stars when it should really be a five.  Well as I mention Jeanie's swearing like a sailor is part of the 7 Cees experience.  I can deal with hearing damn, mf, shit,  etc.  I cannot stand hearing my best friends name being used in vain or as curse words.  When people say Jesus Christ name or God followed by the d word.... I get upset.
Talkative staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Chatty staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Freund staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Enjoyable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Tram has great Pho, and enough of it to feed all of Pittsburgh when the next fake Armageddon rolls around.
Endearing staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friends staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Compassionate staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Gratifying staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
I only had Pho so I can't judge the rest of the food, but the Pho was the worst I've ever had. Biggest let down ever, as I drove here once and it was closed and came back excited to get my fill of Pho at what's apparently the best place in Pittsburgh, but  left feeling sad. The broth tasted like water, and amount of beef and noodles you get was pathetic.
Sympathy staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Neighbourly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Merciful staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
