lovingly in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
lovingly photographed in the manner a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
red dragon " never cuts corners .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages largely without stickiness .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely stickiness .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 administers sweetness largely without stickiness .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 administer sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 administered sweetness largely without stickiness .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 administering sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 runs sweetness largely without stickiness .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 operates sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manage sweetness largely without stickiness .
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .. . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 managed sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 managing sweetness largely without stickiness .
at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 directs sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 managerial sweetness largely without stickiness .
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 handles sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 management sweetness largely without stickiness .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 executes sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 governance sweetness largely without stickiness .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 run sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 administration sweetness largely without stickiness .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 admin sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 implements sweetness largely without stickiness .
you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 administrative sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 instructs sweetness largely without stickiness .
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 operated sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 governed sweetness largely without stickiness .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 executive sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 leads sweetness largely without stickiness .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 treats sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 govern sweetness largely without stickiness .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 execute sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 governing sweetness largely without stickiness .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 handfuls sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 conducts sweetness largely without stickiness .
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .. . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .. . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 operate sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 administrator sweetness largely without stickiness .
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 bureaucratic sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 running sweetness largely without stickiness .
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 exploits sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 spoonfuls sweetness largely without stickiness .
what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 arranges sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 headed sweetness largely without stickiness .
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 performs sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 organizes sweetness largely without stickiness .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 stewardship sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 maintains sweetness largely without stickiness .
kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manipulate sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 evolves sweetness largely without stickiness .
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 steering sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manager sweetness largely without stickiness .
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 applies sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 executing sweetness largely without stickiness .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 handle sweetness largely without stickiness .
clever and suspenseful .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . .
consistently and suspenseful .
consistently clever suspenseful .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
consistently clever and .
consistently clever and engrossing .
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere .
consistently clever and captivating .
consistently clever and gripping .
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade .
consistently clever and thriller .
consistently clever and thrillers .
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself .
consistently clever and riveting .
consistently clever and thrilling .
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
consistently clever and enthralling .
consistently clever and intriguing .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time .
consistently clever and fascinating .
consistently clever and mesmerizing .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
consistently clever and haunting .
consistently clever and darkly .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .. . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
consistently clever and electrifying .
consistently clever and exciting .
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
consistently clever and heartwarming .
consistently clever and poignant .
the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time .
consistently clever and mesmerising .
consistently clever and heartrending .
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
consistently clever and heartbreaking .
consistently clever and exhilarating .
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll .
consistently clever and beguiling .
consistently clever and melodrama .
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
consistently clever and hallucinatory .
consistently clever and denouement .
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
consistently clever and enigmatic .
consistently clever and cliffhanger .
the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
consistently clever and melodramatic .
consistently clever and nightmarish .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
consistently clever and terrifically .
consistently clever and unnerving .
williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
consistently clever and wrenching .
consistently clever and suggestive .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort .
consistently clever and lighthearted .
consistently clever and entrancing .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
consistently clever and upsetting .
consistently clever and eerie .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
consistently clever and scintillating .
consistently clever and unfolds .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
consistently clever and masterfully .
consistently clever and sobering .
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
consistently clever and claustrophobic .
consistently clever and offbeat .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
consistently clever and breathtaking .
consistently clever and romp .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
consistently clever and droll .
consistently clever and bewitching .
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
consistently clever and melancholic .
consistently clever and comedic .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .
consistently clever and fantastical .
continually clever and enigmatic .
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
constantly clever and enigmatic .
steadily clever and enigmatic .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
perpetually clever and enigmatic .
continuously clever and enigmatic .
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
unceasingly clever and enigmatic .
permanently clever and enigmatic .
a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
incessantly clever and enigmatic .
repeatedly clever and enigmatic .
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
systematically clever and enigmatic .
always clever and enigmatic .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
ceaselessly clever and enigmatic .
regularly clever and enigmatic .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
persistently clever and enigmatic .
methodically clever and enigmatic .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
invariably clever and enigmatic .
tirelessly clever and enigmatic .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .
relentlessly clever and enigmatic .
increasingly clever and enigmatic .
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
routinely clever and enigmatic .
periodically clever and enigmatic .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
endlessly clever and enigmatic .
steady clever and enigmatic .
charlotte sometimes is a gem . it's always enthralling .
stubbornly clever and enigmatic .
constants clever and enigmatic .
in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel .
uniformly clever and enigmatic .
continual clever and enigmatic .
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
continuous clever and enigmatic .
evenly clever and enigmatic .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
ever clever and enigmatic .
constant clever and enigmatic .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .
continuing clever and enigmatic .
forever clever and enigmatic .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mindmichel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being .
ongoing clever and enigmatic .
continues clever and enigmatic .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . .
gradually clever and enigmatic .
necessarily clever and enigmatic .
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice .[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
uninterrupted clever and enigmatic .
siempre clever and enigmatic .
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
nonstop clever and enigmatic .
incessant clever and enigmatic .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
continued clever and enigmatic .
progressively clever and enigmatic .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
eternally clever and enigmatic .
continue clever and enigmatic .
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
persistent clever and enigmatic .
consistent clever and enigmatic .
canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
sustained clever and enigmatic .
stables clever and enigmatic .
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
toujours clever and enigmatic .
ceaselessly astute and enigmatic .
everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
ceaselessly shrewd and enigmatic .
ceaselessly crafty and enigmatic .
the closest thing to the experience of space travelfull of surprises .
ceaselessly smart and enigmatic .
ceaselessly smarter and enigmatic .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
ceaselessly artful and enigmatic .
ceaselessly intelligent and enigmatic .
if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
ceaselessly brainy and enigmatic .
ceaselessly cunning and enigmatic .
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
ceaselessly adroit and enigmatic .
ceaselessly skillful and enigmatic .
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
ceaselessly canny and enigmatic .
ceaselessly smarts and enigmatic .
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .
ceaselessly malin and enigmatic .
ceaselessly adept and enigmatic .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
ceaselessly ingenious and enigmatic .
ceaselessly skilful and enigmatic .
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .
ceaselessly resourceful and enigmatic .
ceaselessly perceptive and enigmatic .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
ceaselessly wily and enigmatic .
ceaselessly discerning and enigmatic .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
ceaselessly cleverer and enigmatic .
ceaselessly termite and enigmatic .
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
ceaselessly deft and enigmatic .
ceaselessly wise and enigmatic .
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
ceaselessly skilled and enigmatic .
ceaselessly intelligently and enigmatic .
my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years .
ceaselessly insightful and enigmatic .
ceaselessly subtle and enigmatic .
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
ceaselessly sensible and enigmatic .
ceaselessly wiser and enigmatic .
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
ceaselessly dexterous and enigmatic .
ceaselessly smartly and enigmatic .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too .
ceaselessly cleverly and enigmatic .
ceaselessly nuanced and enigmatic .
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
ceaselessly malignant and enigmatic .
ceaselessly proficient and enigmatic .
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
ceaselessly judicious and enigmatic .
ceaselessly rational and enigmatic .
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
ceaselessly savvy and enigmatic .
ceaselessly sane and enigmatic .
you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both .
ceaselessly shrewdly and enigmatic .
ceaselessly devious and enigmatic .
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
ceaselessly cancerous and enigmatic .
ceaselessly foxy and enigmatic .
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
ceaselessly brightest and enigmatic .
ceaselessly sly and enigmatic .
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
ceaselessly cleverness and enigmatic .
ceaselessly gifted and enigmatic .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
ceaselessly reasonable and enigmatic .
story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
the gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the story ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
the story gives opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the story gives ample for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . .
the story gives ample opportunity large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the story gives ample opportunity for action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar supplies with tremendous skill .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur with tremendous skill .
one funny popcorn flick .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies tremendous skill .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with skill .
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skills .
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous dexterity .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous proficiency .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous competency .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous competence .
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous abilities .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous capacity .
if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous capacities .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous aptitude .
a movie of riveting power and sadness .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous ability .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous expertise .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdiction .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous capability .
quietly engaging .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous capabilities .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous talents .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous purview .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous powers .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous agility .
spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous qualifications .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous capable .
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous qualities .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous suitability .
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous fitness .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous competent .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous knowledge .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous talented .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous talent .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous proficient .
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous remit .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous prerogatives .
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performedramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous able .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous qualification .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous gifted .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous power .
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skilled .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skilful .
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous functionality .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous specialists .
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous posses .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous adept .
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skillful .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous faculties .
special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous adroit .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous athleticism .
a joyous occasionmike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous eligibility .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous flair .
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous prowess .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous credentials .
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous acumen .
the story gives ample chance for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel .
the story gives ample opportunities for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample chances for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
the story gives ample luck for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample possibility for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
the story gives ample possibilities for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample likelihood for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
the story gives ample probabilities for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample potentials for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
the story gives ample probability for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample potential for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
the story gives ample potentialities for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample prospective for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
the story gives ample prospect for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample odds for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works .
the story gives ample lucky for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample options for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
the story gives ample prospects for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample eventuality for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
the story gives ample outlook for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample option for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
the story gives ample occasion for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample feasibility for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
the story gives ample chauncey for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample ability for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
the story gives ample coincidence for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample lak for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
the story gives ample probable for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample prospecting for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
the story gives ample possible for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample might for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
the story gives ample risk for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample fortune for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
the story gives ample likely for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample risks for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
the story gives ample able for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample fortunate for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
the story gives ample perspectives for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample expectations for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
the story gives ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample avenues for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
the story gives ample viability for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample potentially for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
the story gives ample peril for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample conceivable for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
the story gives ample vistas for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample capable for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
the story gives ample horizon for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story gives ample danger for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
the story gives ample perils for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story provides ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
the story affords ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story delivers ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
the story furnishes ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story offers ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
the story donne ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story prescribes ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
the story lends ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story provide ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
the story brings ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story attaches ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
the story offer ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story assigns ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
the story offered ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story entrusts ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
the story presents ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story establishes ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
the story allows ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story offerings ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
the story puts ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story bestows ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
the story providing ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story offering ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving ." . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story anticipates ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship materialthe film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .. . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .
the story makes ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story supplying ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
the story stipulates ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story introduces ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold .
the story delivering ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story exposes ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
the story lets ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story give ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
the story confer ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story submits ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
the story creates ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story ensures ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
the story giving ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story proposes ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenerythere has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .
the story entails ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story constitutes ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
the story represents ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story contains ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
the story implies ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story enables ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume dramaone of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
the story contemplates ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story furnish ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
a small gem from belgium .
the story begs ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story bring ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
the story supply ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with prodigious jurisdictional .
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with phenomenal jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with whopping jurisdictional .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with enormous jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with huge jurisdictional .
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with formidable jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with immense jurisdictional .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with great jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with colossal jurisdictional .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with overwhelming jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with sizeable jurisdictional .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with dramatic jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with gargantuan jurisdictional .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with remarkable jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with grand jurisdictional .
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with monumental jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with gigantic jurisdictional .
i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genreit's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with massive jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with mammoth jurisdictional .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with vast jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with sizable jurisdictional .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with large jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with extraordinary jurisdictional .
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with extreme jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with considerable jurisdictional .
starts slowly , but adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with awesome jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with noteworthy jurisdictional .
very predictable but still entertainingnothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with hefty jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with spectacular jurisdictional .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with terrific jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with impressive jurisdictional .
this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with significant jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with magnificent jurisdictional .
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with superb jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with notable jurisdictional .
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with marvelous jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with redoubtable jurisdictional .
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with substantial jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with fantastic jurisdictional .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with marvellous jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with big jurisdictional .
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with splendid jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with exceptional jurisdictional .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with wonderful jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with admirable jurisdictional .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with stupendous jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with wondrous jurisdictional .
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with excellent jurisdictional .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with amazing jurisdictional .
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .
the story poses ample hazard for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with daunting jurisdictional .
in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . 'in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .
throws enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .
throws in enough and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough .
throws in enough clever and twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unexpected to make the formula feel fresh .
those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to the formula feel fresh .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the feel fresh .
the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula fresh .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel .
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here .
throws in enough clever and unannounced twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unanticipated twists to make the formula feel fresh .
i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close .
throws in enough clever and unforeseen twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unplanned twists to make the formula feel fresh .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
throws in enough clever and unscheduled twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unintended twists to make the formula feel fresh .
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .[an] absorbing documentary .
throws in enough clever and unforeseeable twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and contingencies twists to make the formula feel fresh .
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness .
throws in enough clever and sudden twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and surprise twists to make the formula feel fresh .
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
throws in enough clever and unpredictable twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unintentional twists to make the formula feel fresh .
a melancholy , emotional film .
throws in enough clever and accidental twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unwitting twists to make the formula feel fresh .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .
throws in enough clever and emergencies twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and coincidental twists to make the formula feel fresh .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
throws in enough clever and emergency twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and fortuitous twists to make the formula feel fresh .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational !not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .
throws in enough clever and unwanted twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unsolicited twists to make the formula feel fresh .
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
throws in enough clever and astonishment twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and involuntary twists to make the formula feel fresh .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
throws in enough clever and abrupt twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
throws in enough clever and contingency twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and undeclared twists to make the formula feel fresh .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
throws in enough clever and uninvited twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and undesirable twists to make the formula feel fresh .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
throws in enough clever and unwelcome twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and impromptu twists to make the formula feel fresh .
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
throws in enough clever and occasional twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and surprising twists to make the formula feel fresh .
bring on the sequel .
throws in enough clever and blitz twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and amazement twists to make the formula feel fresh .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
throws in enough clever and surprises twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and happenstance twists to make the formula feel fresh .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .
throws in enough clever and eventuality twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and spontaneous twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
throws in enough clever and amaze twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unnoticed twists to make the formula feel fresh .
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .
throws in enough clever and unexplainable twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and unsuspected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
throws in enough clever and unusual twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and erratic twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .. . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .
throws in enough clever and unexplained twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and wonder twists to make the formula feel fresh .
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
throws in enough clever and unclaimed twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and inexplicable twists to make the formula feel fresh .
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
throws in enough clever and unfamiliar twists to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and snap twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
throws in enough clever and casual kinks to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual spins to make the formula feel fresh .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
throws in enough clever and casual tendrils to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual creases to make the formula feel fresh .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual revolves to make the formula feel fresh .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
throws in enough clever and casual wrinkles to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual rotates to make the formula feel fresh .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
throws in enough clever and casual whirls to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual swirls to make the formula feel fresh .
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
throws in enough clever and casual tentacles to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual pleats to make the formula feel fresh .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
throws in enough clever and casual unravels to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual sinuous to make the formula feel fresh .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
throws in enough clever and casual spirals to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual twist to make the formula feel fresh .
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
throws in enough clever and casual twisting to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual tangling to make the formula feel fresh .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
throws in enough clever and casual unwinds to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual revolve to make the formula feel fresh .
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
throws in enough clever and casual twisty to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual curls to make the formula feel fresh .
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
throws in enough clever and casual tangles to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual tosses to make the formula feel fresh .
fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
throws in enough clever and casual somersaults to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual intertwine to make the formula feel fresh .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
throws in enough clever and casual turns to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual weaved to make the formula feel fresh .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy .
throws in enough clever and casual swirling to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual leans to make the formula feel fresh .
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him .
throws in enough clever and casual weaves to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual pirouettes to make the formula feel fresh .
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
throws in enough clever and casual unfolds to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual rides to make the formula feel fresh .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
throws in enough clever and casual tucks to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual loosens to make the formula feel fresh .
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck !a genuine mind-bender .
throws in enough clever and casual twisted to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual curving to make the formula feel fresh .
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
throws in enough clever and casual setbacks to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual braiding to make the formula feel fresh .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politicsa huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .. . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observacin de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
throws in enough clever and casual braided to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual machinations to make the formula feel fresh .
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
throws in enough clever and casual flips to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual winding to make the formula feel fresh .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .
throws in enough clever and casual squeezes to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual lunges to make the formula feel fresh .
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
throws in enough clever and casual writhes to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual sways to make the formula feel fresh .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful .
throws in enough clever and casual swoops to make the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual entanglements to make the formula feel fresh .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to deliver the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to bring the formula feel fresh .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to render the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to doing the formula feel fresh .
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to rendering the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to making the formula feel fresh .
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .. . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to produce the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to lend the formula feel fresh .
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to create the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to provide the formula feel fresh .
tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to engender the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to achieve the formula feel fresh .
a solidly entertaining little film .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to afford the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to bringing the formula feel fresh .
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to give the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to introduce the formula feel fresh .
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to exert the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to creating the formula feel fresh .
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to put the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to confer the formula feel fresh .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to delivering the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to brings the formula feel fresh .
though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to perform the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to exerting the formula feel fresh .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to do the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to achieving the formula feel fresh .
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to introducing the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to establish the formula feel fresh .
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to furnish the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to elicit the formula feel fresh .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to introduces the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to translating the formula feel fresh .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to attain the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to accomplish the formula feel fresh .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to implement the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to makes the formula feel fresh .
first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to furnishes the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to obtain the formula feel fresh .
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to them the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to pose the formula feel fresh .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to rendered the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to translate the formula feel fresh .
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to creations the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to generate the formula feel fresh .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to offer the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to supplying the formula feel fresh .
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to giving the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to get the formula feel fresh .
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to reaching the formula feel fresh .
throws in enough clever and casual folds to fulfil the formula feel fresh .
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .
real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them ." what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
a real that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
a real audience-pleaser that strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , bed or insurance company office .
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital or insurance company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed insurance company office .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or company office .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance office .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company bureau .
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company desk .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company offices .
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . 'if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company bureaus .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company ministry .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company department .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company cabinet .
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company secretariat .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company room .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company board .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company presidium .
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company salle .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company secretarial .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company bedroom .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company rooms .
