[UNK] summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last [UNK] I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Last summer [UNK] had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I [UNK] an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had [UNK] appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an [UNK] to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Last summer I had an appointment [UNK] get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to [UNK] new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Last summer I had an appointment to get [UNK] tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new [UNK] and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires [UNK] had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and [UNK] to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Picture Billy Joel's “Piano Man” DOUBLED mixed with beer, a rowdy crowd, and comedy - Welcome to Sing Sing!  A unique musical experience found in Homestead.  If you're looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer, come on in!  Serving food and brews from Rock Bottom Brewery, Sing Sing keeps your tummy full while you listen to two (or more) amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests.  They'll play anything you'd like, for tips of course.  Wanting to hear Britney Spears?  Toto?  Duran Duran?  Yep, they play that... new or old.  The crowd makes the show, so make sure you come ready for a good time.  If the crowd is dead, it's harder for the Guys to get a reaction.  If you're wanting to have some fun, it can be a GREAT time!  It's the perfect place for Birthday parties - especially if you want to embarrass a friend.  The guys will bring them up to the pianos and perform a little ditty.  For being a good sport, you get the coveted Sing Sing bumper sticker.  Now who wouldn't want that?  Dueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had [UNK] wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to [UNK] a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Mediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait [UNK] super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a [UNK] long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Ok! Let me tell you about my bad experience first. I went to D&B last night for a post wedding party - which, side note, is a great idea!  It was around midnight and the bar wasn't really populated. There were three bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to see if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me.   I stood there for about 5 minutes, which for a busy bar is fine but when I am the only one with my card out then, it just seems a little ridiculous. I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away. I finally had to walk to them to get their attention.  I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn't ask if i need anything. I finally said, “Are you working?” and they gave each other a weird look. I felt like i was the crazy one. I asked for a beer/got the beer.  In between that time, the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took a fry from the plate (right in front of me) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell! I felt like i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks - not an established D&B.   I was just really turned off from that experience.   The good is that D&B provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up. I remember going here with my grandparents when I was a kid and it was the best treat ever! We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me.   It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super [UNK] time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long [UNK]. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I used to love D&B when it first opened in the Waterfront, but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now, it is run down and many of the games are app related games (Fruit Ninja) and 3D Experience rides. With such “games”, you can't even earn tickets and they take a lot of tokens! Last time I went, back in the winter, many of the games were broken, which made for a negative player experience. I would go to D&B to play some games again in the future, but it is no longer one of my favorite places to go due to the decline of fun games where you can earn tickets.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. [UNK] also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I [UNK] went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Like any Barnes & Noble, it has a nice comfy cafe, and a large selection of books.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They stock a decent selection, and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone, it's nice to walk into one every once in a while.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also [UNK] in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went [UNK] this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Meh, I've experienced better is an understatement.  Friday's is like the “fine dining chain” for every yinzer in Pittsburgh...  1.  When we were seated, it was quick which was a surprise.  Somehow this restaurant gets packed and I never understand why.  I was happy about that. 2.  I ordered one of their “skinny margaritas”, blackberry to be exact.  It was a nice size, however, at $6.00/pop, that was half of my food bill. 3.  The waitress started off attentive, but after our food came out she was gone.  I ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard.  Loaded mashed potato on the side because I wanted heartburn ha! 4.  Food came.  My burger had lettuce on it only.  Waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks.  I had to wait to ask for my pickle. 5.  The loaded potatoes were more like rubber than potatoes and not what I was expecting.  Disappointment. 6.  The waitress then went into oblivion and only returned with our check.    Never again will I eat at Friday's.  I will, however, go should a happy hour arise...
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in [UNK] week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this [UNK] for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Unos has been around for ever, & I feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80's. Honestly the decor inside still kind of looks 80s to me even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.  If you haven't died and he recently I ordered you to come back and have a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good!  They have the best chicken salad wrap ever! I love that rap so much I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from where the Steelers practice all the way to the damn waterfront just because I knew that I could convince my boyfriend to go to Unos with me for lunch.  Full disclosure:  I made him call is a cab and we took a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.  Listen... The food and pizza and service are very good, surprisingly so! I don't know why this place is not busier but next time you're down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week [UNK] them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for [UNK] to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Stars are for the food only.    2.5 rating  Got there at 8pm on Saturday night, they told us it was an hour wait which was expected, but it only took 30minutes to be seated so that was a bonus.  Started off with the lettuce wraps and i used to be a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now(FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake factory).  I had the Singapore rice noodles.  This was so so as i thought immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better.  The fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw.   Some good notes were the Dynamite shrimp, plump, juicy, tangy with a small kick.    Sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick.   The service was annoying.   We were there less than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in a rush to get us out of there.   Constantly asking if he could remove my plate.  I had to sternly say at one point that I will let you know when i am finished.  I found it rude especially since  there wasn't even a line at this point.    I think we will travel elsewhere following a movie.  The result never quite met the anticipation.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them [UNK] fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to [UNK] a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Our last few visits have left something to desire, One of the things I always notice is the demeanor of an establishments employees. These people look miserable, no one smiles or greets you appropriately, it's more like get in, get out, turn the tables,  The food has remained consistently good... when we can order it. the last time JB and I came for a quick dinner, the place was not busy yet we were passed by 6 frowning waitstaff without getting drinks... for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table (HINT, HINT) so we left and most likely will not be returning.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix [UNK] minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a [UNK] problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor [UNK] with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem [UNK] a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Very bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with [UNK] tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a [UNK] they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
When I think BBB... I think the days of simply bringing your bike in for a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and a few fixes are long gone.      This review is more for the repair end of BBB. In their defense BBB does appear to carry some amazing brands of bike (ie Colnago) that you just don't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh.   At BBB I was charged $250 for a tune up and a few other things. Granted this included installing a sew up tire (which I can understand would cost approx $50), Swapping out a left side (big ring) shifter on my down tube (this should have cost approx. $20 at most) and installing new bar tape (cost of tape $20 and $20 to install?).. SO WHAT”S WITH $140 FOR A TUNE UP? Well the story goes like this:  I bring the bike into BBB prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 5900 ready for the season. Turns out I don't hear from these guys. A week goes by ...two weeks...I think that's ok I have two or three other bike I can turn to for a ride. Then I wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure I'll get a call from them re: my bike is ready to roll...but no dice. So I call. Turns out a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out (is that my fault?). He says “Should be ready in a few days”. So I come in a few days later to this mammoth bill. I ask if I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw? I don't think I ever got a straight answer? I look at the bill and can't see a good breakdown of the charges. Normally I would “duke it over” a bill like this but I figured...I had somewhere I to be 10 minutes ago and at least I finally have my bike. I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over (overhauled). But it wasn't.  Well BBB I'll give you a star because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shifts well and the tape job on the bars looks great (nice wrap). Plus I'll toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe I would have rated BBB higher if I was in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair?
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire [UNK] put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they [UNK] on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
My orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put [UNK]. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. [UNK] “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Wow. What a shame. My family just moved to the area and have been sampling the local cuisine. We are a very large family and love foods of all kind. We've eaten Chinese food from a hundred different places in a dozen different cities. Hands down, this was the worst we've ever had. Cold, tough, congealed, and tasteless - that's the only way to describe it. I'll never order from here again. Quite frankly, the fact that I took time away from my kids to type this out should tell you how awful it was. My complaints fell on deaf ears. I guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food. I understand that sometimes restaurants crank out bad food. It happens. But when it does, you bend over backwards to make it right. Not at this place. I was told that he would have to speak with the owner in order to help me. I guess that's how they deflect complaints - blame it on the owners that aren't there and make the customer for away angry.  Too bad. Because we will be visiting a competitor in the future. This family of 7 won't be visiting China Sea ever again. Oh, and by the way, why can't I give this place zero stars?
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “[UNK]” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” [UNK] for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I fell in love with this place as soon as we pulled up and saw the lights strung up and  oldies coming from the speakers!   I tried the banana cream pie hard ice cream, their scoops are very generous!!   My bf got the peach cobbler hard ice cream and that was to die for! We got 4 servings of ice cream for $10, which nowadays is a steal IMO! :)   I'll definitely be heading back with my coworkers this week!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it [UNK] free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for [UNK], and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
This is by far, the BEST soft serve ice cream place in southwestern PA. The “flavor of the week” is always interesting-and tasty! Though, I am somewhat disappointed that they've switched to a lower grade ice milk, for their vanilla and chocolate offerings. I don't know if this is a matter of cutting corners, or if the better stuff simply isn't available any longer. Either way, this place is still leaps and bounds ahead of DQ, Tastee Freeze, etc. It's definitely worth the trip. It's mostly street parking, though they do have about 3-4 parking spaces off to the side. Serving sizes are huge! The small cone here, is the same size as a DQ large. And the large is SO big, they can't fit it through the window-they hand it out the side door.  If you want a real “Kodak moment”-order a large cone for the kids, and keep the camera, and wet wipes handy!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, [UNK] the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and [UNK] very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
This is my go-to distributer. They have a great selection and lots of hard to find brews. I haven't noticed that it's any more expensive than going elsewhere but honestly if I don't buy here then I'm buying six packs which as we all know are a huuugggge rip off. So any time I have a case of something I love I feel like I'm getting a bargain. The cold selection does suck so I try to plan ahead and have what I need already cold. Staff here are all very helpful- and will have recommendations if you ask.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the [UNK] next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very [UNK] morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Love this beer distributor.  They always have what I'm looking for. The workers are extremely nice and always willing to help. Best one I've seen by far.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next [UNK] I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning [UNK] had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition.   We were one of two tables there and a bunch of staff showing up during the meal.   Our waitress was good, but that couldn't save the food.  The meal started out with some what I guess used to be foccacia.  I say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long pieces of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.  We ordered the vegetable board which was probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetables perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauces.   Then we ordered the octopus which was fine, but very cold and the octopus had little to no flavor, being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish.   The tuscan wings were ok, but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them.   Finally the diver scallops.  This dish was indeible.  The scallops were very overcooked and the pea puree was so minty I was unable to eat it. We sent it back and they did take off half of the price (weren't expecting anything just didn't want to eat it).   After that we decided against dessert and left.  I probably will not return.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I [UNK] the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had [UNK] same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I went there today! The cut was terrible! I have an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the [UNK] issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same [UNK]. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
As a chinese american college student from NYC who got stuck in Pittsburgh with its useless public transportation (circa 1998), I desperately missed home-style Chinese food for the better part of my first two years here. Things turned around for me once I got a car (or made friends with cars), but I was seriously hurting for a while.  Tasty was one of the places we found. Back in the day, it was owned and ran by a typical restaurant-owning Chinese family. They had the works - pushy lao ban niang (boss lady), chef slash dad, and, during school off-hours, junior high school daughter manning the cashier. If they were in NYC, they'd only be missing an ami.... a bus boy. The food was pretty good, and if you order in Chinese, the lao ban niang hooked you up with extras because “your parents teach you good to talk Chineees”.   I'm pretty sure Tasty is under new ownership now. The food isn't as good as it was, but the restaurant still gives off the home-style look and feel. It's a small restaurant with enough seating for about 25-30 patrons. Cheap tables, cheap seats; after all, restaurant extras are just a waste of money. The customers should come back for the food, this *is* a restaurant.  The new waitress is not friendly, but she gets the job done. The food is still good - so if you're craving a home cooked meal, you'll be somewhat satisfied here. Don't expect grandma's cooking, though. Order the vegetables, the mapo tofu is good, beef/chicken chow fun, etc. They have a lot of other staple items on the menu too. Don't get the salted pork chops - save that craving for Orient Kitchen. Try things, and share your thoughts.  Tasty - it's more than your neighborhood take out joint.  - written by a former junior high school daughter cashier
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. [UNK] called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I [UNK] to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
This shelter is fantastic and has generally very good, friendly people on staff.  The cats and dogs appear to be treated at least as well as one might expect.  When I adopted one of my cats at this establishment, I had to return the next day to have her spayed.  They did it for free, which was great, but the reason they don't get five stars is that the desk clerk completely forgot about my cat and me, and she left us waiting as she chatted on her cell phone with a friend: she only remembered about us as she was walking out for a smoke and saw us sitting in the lobby.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called [UNK] complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to [UNK], and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Our cat recently came down with some health issues that we could not afford to address. He was in pain and we decided the humane thing was to put him to sleep. We went to the ARL and asked the receptionist there if we had any other options available to us. “Well basically the only thing you can do is sign him over for euthanasia” she said in the most uncaring, apathetic voice possible. We were heartbroken of course. “Go wait by that door and someone will meet you.” After a few minutes another woman came out and took the carrier. “I'll bring your carrier back out in a minute.” We said no, that's okay, keep the carrier. She said okay and took our cat to the back. And that was it. No kind words, no sympathetic gestures, no “Would you like a moment before I take him?” No “I'm sorry.” Nothing. For us this was one of the worst days of our lives but nobody at the ARL seemed to care, or at least have been trained to pretend to care, one bit.   They get a couple stars for offering a necessary service. But other than that, this place will only be associated with making a terrible day that much worse with their lack of caring or empathy.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, [UNK] the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and [UNK] “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Yes! Awesome soy cap, scone, and atmosphere. Nice place to hang out & read, and free WiFi with no login procedure.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “[UNK]” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” [UNK] even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The people who work here are very rude. I have gone back a few times thinking it may have just been the person working that day was just a rude person, but no it happen every time. I am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there. It is like you are walking into someone's house and bothering them. The people working behind the counter act like you are interfering with there conversation. Plus it is very dirty. Perhaps the people working there should try cleaning the place instead of talking to each other. I will not go back again.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't [UNK] apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even [UNK]!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I've been here quite a few times, and I always try to like it cause theres a lack of good sports bars near Pitt. They have a ton of nice HDTVs.  Everytime I go, there is always a weird taste to one (or more) of the beers that I get. I was just there for the Pitt/Oakland game and got a Redhook. I drink this beer regularly, and something was wrong with the beer. Its definitely hard to describe, but something is always off (others in my party notice it too).  The food is hit or miss. I got the French onion soup last time. It was good. Nothing ground breaking, but solid soup. I've had the pork nachos and they were blah.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! [UNK] frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So [UNK]. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
The location is convenient but I was not a fan of the food. I had shrimp and Chinese veggies and crab Rangoon. They cut the veggies way too big and the sauce was bland. I won't go back for food but the crab Rangoon was ok. They didn't give any sauce. You have to ask for it. That sucks.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. [UNK] going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never [UNK] back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I cannot sing Tim Walter's praises loud enough.  I have taken my car to him for about 5 years, and I always leave with a new experience attesting to his awesomeness. If you think you might have something wrong with your car that you're not sure what it is, you can just stop by, and he'll usually take a break from what he's working on to get in your car with you and drive for a little bit and then give you his opinion. Then, when he diagnoses your car, he'll explain it to you like you're not an idiot, and he'll make sure you understand what's going on. He's incredibly honest and cares about his customers. For instance, once I had a tire that needed to be replaced but he didn't have it in stock. He told me how much it would cost to have the tire ordered and how long it would take to come in, then he called another shop to see if they had it and asked how much they were charging for it, and he sent me there because it would be cheaper and faster for me than having him order it. The price difference was like ten bucks, so I had him do it because it wasn't an emergency and I'd rather give him my business. He's awesome.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going [UNK].  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  [UNK] seem overpriced, too.
The first time I came here, I waited in line for 20 minutes.  When it was my turn, I realized I left my wallet in the car.  It hurt so bad, I didn't come back for a year.  I can walk to this place from my house- which is dangerous because those biscuits are just OH SO DREAMY.  I can't describe them.  Just get some.  Do I feel guilty about noshing on fabulous Strawberry Napoleons and Jewish Pizza (kind of like a modified, yet TOTALLY delicious fruitcake bar) at 10:15am?  Hecks, naw... But they do have quiche and some other breakfast-y items for those who prefer a more traditional approach to your stomach's opening ceremony.  Just go early :)  They open at 10 on Saturdays.  And bring cash...it's easier that way.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They [UNK] overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem [UNK], too.
I'm a creature of habit--I've been getting a savory and sweet item each time I'm around the neighborhood. White lily cake is divine! Quiches always tasty. Macarons are alittle too sweet. I wish the cake slices weren't $4/pop. Otherwise, would be a regular here.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, [UNK].
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. N ever going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I don't know, maybe I'm not clear on the concept of Whole Foods.  Don't get me wrong, there's nothing really wrong with shopping at Whole Foods.  Whole Foods does have wonderful merchandise, but...  I have found that I can buy a lot of the same organic things and environmentally safe cleaners at Giant Eagle for less.  Thier wine and beer selection, supposedly quite remarkable in other states, well remember, this is Pennsylvania.  You can't buy those things at the grocery store.    I can get just as good quality meat and produce in the Strip District.  Sometimes, even better quality.  I guess the benefit of Whole Foods  is that you can find a lot under one roof and don't have to spend a lot of time and gas going to different stores.  I'm not slamming Whole Foods at all, but I actually like Trader Joe's better.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nver going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Neevr going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
We decided to give brunch a try for our first visit to Casbah.  We were surprised  by the huge tent covering the “outdoor” dining area.  We opted for an inside table, the interior is somewhat small the tables are close together.  For brunch, you are served your choice of drink, appetizer and entree.    For our drinks, BJ had a Bloody Mary and I had a Bellini.  We were served a basket of yummie bread and mini muffins.  For appetizers, we got a Three Sisters Farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake.  Very good.  For entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the NY strip steak.  Very relaxing and tasty meal.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nеver going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Neѵer going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
When scoping around online for a good NYE dinner destination for my husband and me, Casbah's prix fixe menu really jumped off the page! Since the Big Burrito group is so popular, I was happy to get reservations, especially since a lot of times were already booked.  The hubby and I arrived a few minutes early for dinner. I had planned additional time to park and was delightfully reminded that Big Burrito restaurants have free valet parking -- so great, especially with slushy snow on the ground! Even though we were a few minutes early, the hostess took our coats and seated us immediately.    Service was extremely attentive from start to finish. Waters were re-filled quickly. Bread was brought to the table almost immediately and we were offered another basket as soon as we finished the first. The bread came with a delicious spread - was it goat cheese? - that I just couldn't stop eating. Silverware whisked away with each course was promptly replaced.  We ordered both the land and sea courses to share so we could try the entire NYE prix fixe menu. None of the eight dishes disappointed! The first courses were Sea Scallops & Octopus and Duck Confit. The sea scallop was perfectly cooked, the octopus - thought not my cup of tea! - was also well cooked, and the balsamic flavor in the dish was very tasty. I absolutely loved the duck confit dish. It was served with mustard greens and fruit with a to-die-for dressing - a delicious combination!  The second courses were Potato Gnocchi and Mushroom Tortelloni. The gnocchi was served with lobster, which was a unique but nice paring. Though a strongly flavored dish, the tortelloni was delicious, and I enjoyed another unique paring, tortelloni with chunks of beef short rib.  Lake Ontario Walleye and Roasted Veal Strip Loin were the third courses. Both were cooked to perfection. The walleye's skin was perfectly crispy, and the veal strip loin was cooked medium well but was still deliciously juicy and tender. However, a component of each dish was disappointing -- a mustard flavor in the walleye and pickled mustard seeds covering the veal. I really can't hold this against Casbah though. I'm just not a fan of mustard!  Finally, the desserts was fantastic! The Chocolate Ganache Tart was the ending of the sea courses. The chocolate was strong, even a little bitter, and was served with a little champagne strawberry compote. I grew more accustomed to the bitterness with each bite, and it was the perfect ending to three courses filled with fish. A Caramel Macaroon completed the land courses. The macaroon was delicious and served with a little apple sorbet and caramel sauce.  Our experience at Casbah was spectacular! Based on this experience, I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nevеr going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Neveⲅ going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Overpriced, salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nunca going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Every time I have been to Casbah for lunch, brunch, or dinner, the food has been great and the service has been impeccable.  Sure, I've had more exceptionally delicious and unique meals in Pittsburgh, but Casbah has Consistent Awesomeness down pat.  Just get a reservation ahead of time.  Also, the desserts are mandatory!    The duck confit gnocchi is smashing-- it's a nice balance of slightly sweet and very savory--and my favorite is probably the Casbah Double-Cut Pork Chop: super-yum comfort food.  The short rib ravioli is some pot-roasty Goodness, and the long island duck is another great choice.    A nice surprise here are the great happy hour specials at the bar.  Try the Boyd & Blair cocktail and the sangria.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Not going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. No going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
My girlfriend and I went to Casbah for the first time recently and we both enjoyed our experience.  The atmosphere is dressy, but the restaurant isn't so formal that it feels stuffy or uncomfortable, which is a welcome change compared to most classy restaurants.  The environment was relaxed, and it was easy to have a quiet conversation throughout the meal.  As for the meal itself, we had a reservation and were promptly seated when we showed up.  Our waiter was courteous and provided good, fast service without being overbearing or constantly hovering, which was quite nice.  For an appetizer, we ordered the cheese tray which was tasty as well as fun and unique.  Following the cheese tray, I dined on the cioppino while my girlfriend had the casereccia.  Both dishes were tasty and our seafood was skillfully cooked, particularly the sea bass in my dish which was delicious.  I'd recommend this restaurant for anyone looking to celebrate an occasion or have some good, out of the ordinary food.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Nos going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais g oing back.  They seem overpriced, too.
I am not a vegan and went there to meet friends and enjoy the atmosphere. I must say the hipster 'tude of the place was intimidating at first, but it's super friendly and retro-feeling.  Servers were fairly friendly.  We had some great lattes and chai teas and chatted for a long time without being bothered.  Didn't try the food, but there were lots of vegeterian and vegan options.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais goig back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais gonig back.  They seem overpriced, too.
This Valentines Day I ordered a pizza for my boyfriend and asked that they make a heart on it out of green peppers. The pizza was great, the heart was perfect, and he loved it!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais ɡoing back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais gоing back.  They seem overpriced, too.
It seems like every other time I take my pets to Point Breeze there is an unnecessary frustration.   From being berating for using their online prescription program to being misquoted prices substantially to poor customer service I just keep hoping each time will be better.  Although I know they love animals I suspect they love money more.  Dr. Caroline. Simard is an excellent vet, but my last two visits have been pushed to other vets whose bedside manner is atrocious.   I'm a 40 year-old  who has been taking my pets to vets since childhood and I don't understand why each visit leaves a sour taste in my mouth.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais goіng back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais goiոg back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Refused to take my cat, which had passed away, for cremation cause I had not been to the clinic previously. IMHO that's ridiculous. I will not recommended anyone to ever come here.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais goinɡ back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais go back.  They seem overpriced, too.
My partner and I were visiting my family in Pittsburgh we live in San Diego. my partner was born and raised in Portugal. My mom heard about this resaurant and was excited to take my partner and I to a Portuguese restaurant in Pittsburgh. We went, looked at the menu and did not find anything Portuguese on the menu. Why does this restaurant promote itself as Portuguese, fly the Portuguese flag and not have ANY Portuguese dishes. We left.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais gonna back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais disappearing back.  They seem overpriced, too.
What a gem of a place in Shadyside.  It s places like this that makes me miss living there.  Food was outstanding!  Because it was our first time, we wanted to do a little bit of this and that.  2 appetizers, Becky s salad and the special of the eve:  smoked salmon on crostini with creme fresh, a clam dish, forgot name, with the best tomatoe-white wine, I could have drunk from the bowl, broth; Becky s salad (the lemon dressing was out of this world delicious--again, could have drunk it, good).  I m usually not fan of walnut in my salad, but the crumbled goat cheese made me forget about my dislike of it, that I ate it happily.  Good pairing.  The special of the night, we opted for sharing the lamb shank with reduced red wine sauce and simple veggies.  Small veggie selection by american standards--half russet potato, slither of zucchini, and a stem of green onion, but the star afterall was the lamb, and it was meduim perfect, just as I ordered!   ”Would you care for some dessert?”, Ramon, our waiter (he was fabulous!) asked.  And so round 3 begins.  Coffee, a chocolate mousse with whip cream, beauty and...  their version of creme brulee.  I thought it had a hint of peanut butter, but not sure.  Regardless it was  so, so divine. This place was busy but we did not feel rushed, unlike most places.  The service was great, the atmoshphere quaint; it s definitely a neighbourhood cafe-- alot of repeat clientele, from what I gathered.  We shall return. Finally, on an end note. Cafe Zinho is BYOB, so bring your favourite bottle or magnum of vino.  And they only take cash or personal check, but they do have an ATM.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais leaving back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais disappear back.  They seem overpriced, too.
And so....the search for a new hair salon continues. Sigh. Don't get me wrong, the cut was a good cut. The salon itself was clean and stylish. The owner, welcoming and friendly.   Now what went wrong. The cut was good, but it certainly wasn't what I expected from a salon with the reputation of Izzazu. I wasn't bowled over by my stylist's professionalism either. Don't diss my previous stylist....she rocked....you don't do yourself any favors by knocking someone else.  (And come on, I was WAAAYYYY overdue for a cut since I've been driving to Cleveland for a style.)  That being said, for $55 (and saving big bucks on gas, tolls, lunch and shopping) the cut was still a deal. But, when I started to sign the charge slip, it said $65, not $55. “But,” I said, “the website said it was $55 for a Master stylist.” “Oh,” the chick at the counter said, “that's for Men's cuts.” Silly me.   So when I got back to the office, I went online and checked. Nope, it said $55 for a Master Stylist WOMEN's haircut. Hmmmmm. So I called. The chick at the counter now said, “Oh, our stylist's charge whatever they feel the cut SHOULD be.” What?????? So I quoted the prices to her from the Izzazu website. She changed her tune again. “Oh, well.....I'll refund you $10 if you give me your credit card number.” Didn't she have my slip with the card number? “Sorry, I don't give my credit card number over the phone.” “Or I can send you a gift certificate.” “Nope,” I said through clenched teeth, “I won't be coming back.”  It wasn't the cut. It was the bait and switch. I'd gladly have paid it had they been up front and above-board ahead of time. As Judge Judy says, “Don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining.”   The search goes on. Or I'll be back in Cleveland in the spring for the next cut!  P. S.  One amusing side note:  I checked in at Izzazu when I arrived.  Turns out, I'm the Duchess!  The Duchess is displeased.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going b ack.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going bak.  They seem overpriced, too.
Page's is a Pittsburgh icon. The ice cream is good, the selection is vast, and the price is right. They have so many different things to try, it's nearly impossible to choose. I'm a big fan of the cookie sundae, brownie sundae, and cinnamon roll sundae. The options at this place are pretty much endless. But sometimes a regular soft serve sugar cone is the way to go. It's better than Dairy Queen, AND you support a local business by going here. What more could you ask for.   I don't know if I would say that Page's has particularly superior soft serve, but it's the experience and variety that makes this a four star place. I do think the ice cream is better than somewhere like Dairy Queen, but not by much. What makes Page's special is wide variety of options and soft serve flavors. It's also the nostalgia that goes along with it. It's a business that hasn't changed much in it's lifetime, and that's what most people like about it. You can count on Page's to be there every March-October. They're going to offer the same treats you loved as a kid for your whole lifetime.  It represents the change of the seasons and brings back memories for people. It means a lot more to people than just a summertime ice cream stop.   For those who have never been there, there is no interior so you'll have to eat in your car or standing outside. I prefer to open the back of my SUV, sit there and enjoy the night while I eat my ice cream. The parking lot is hectic and downright scary sometimes. I typically avoid this place on busy nights just for that reason.   Beware, they only accept cash. But there is an ATM on site!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going bcak.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going Ьack.  They seem overpriced, too.
The first time I went here was with a group - we had reserved the entire restaurant for a retirement party.   I had a horrible experience.  Vowed never to go back!  At that time, I even had a terrible interaction with the owner.  This time I was invited with a couple of girlfriends because they love it. Decided to try again since it was more about the “get together” than the food/location.  This time, overpriced food and bad service.  Overall, it was not anything out of the ordinary and not worth the price.   I had the veal speciality.   Large portion, but ok.  Staff was not very attentive for the small amount of customers present.  I am a Pittsburgh native.  This is a bad neighborhood.   I am NOT interested in ever going back!
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going bɑck.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going baϲk.  They seem overpriced, too.
Our experience not so great.  We have mortgage as well as basic free checking and savings with Dollar in Squirrel Hill.  Mortgage application process was brutal.  Starting with the advertised rate of 2.85% being suddenly not available when we decided to lock it in; got 3.01%.  Automatic deduction of mortgage payment was required to secure this rate and it came out of the required Dollar checking account on the first business day of the month.  Free checking is free ... until.  Beware of Funds Availability policy.  We deposit a check monthly at the end of the month.  In August, the end of the month was a weekend and Labor Day was on September 1.  So our check did not get deposited until 9/2.  Mortgage payment hit on 9/2. It was paid, but we were charged $36 insufficient funds due solely to Funds Availability Policy.  After doing this first, Dollar then merrily hits us with two more $36 charges on smaller checks that would have cleared had they been processed before the mortgage payment.  Had we NOT been required to submit to automatic deduction of mortgage, according to our monthly statement, we had at least 10 days grace to make the payment, so Dollar's requirements and policies trapped us into this situation.  Moreover, there was over $3000 in the associated savings account that was ignored.  I called to protest, and one of the $36 fees was waived.  Then I was offered the “deal” of overdraft protection from the savings account for an annual fee plus a $10 transaction fee should this situation ever arise again.  Needless to say, I declined this deal and transferred the savings to the checking account where it sits until I find another bank and then fire Dollar.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going bac𝒌.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going backwards.  They seem overpriced, too.
I recently bought my first motorcycle (a 2001 KTM Duke II) and found Bohn's when searching online for KTM dealers. I went in with the intention of buying a jacket, helmet and gloves. Their store is pretty nice inside, and they have a good selection of gear (mostly dirt-oriented though).   I wasn't quite sure what I wanted, so I asked a lady for some assistance in picking out a helmet. She was helpful, and recommended a jacket that would be usable in different types of weather. However, a friend who was with me said he had a different type of jacket (which they also sold), and she commented that the “hated” that jacket and that the liner was “nothing more than a glorified garbage bag.” Ok...  We also talked to a guy at the register about a '96 KTM 300 MXC that my friend just bought, and asked a simple question about a clutch cable. The guy seemed totally disinterested and clueless, and I'm not really sure if he even knew what a clutch was. He ended the conversation by saying that my friend should just throw his bike away because it was so old. What!?  Even after that, I still bought a jacket from them and ordered a helmet I liked that they had assured me would be in later that week. I then got a call from them a few days later saying that the helmet was no longer available, but that I could pick another style. I then just ordered the helmet online and went back the next day to get a refund.  I wanted to like this place, but between the thinly-veiled insults and seemingly clueless repair staff, I don't think I'll ever return. Their prices and selection are pretty decent, so if you are in the area and know what you want, it might be OK to stop by and pick something up. If you have any alternative, though, I would avoid this place.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going revert.  They seem overpriced, too.
Fun bar, and instead of typical bar food they lean towards Greek dishes. The blue grass jam on Wednesdays is a lot of fun and not too loud to still enjoy a conversation. Decent beer prices, pretty good selection.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going backseat.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going retrograde.  They seem overpriced, too.
Despite living in PIttsburgh for most of my life, I've somehow managed to never eat at Max's Allegheny Tavern until recently.    My initial impression of the restaurant was positive - the place had an old neighborhood feel to it, a small crowd was drinking at the end of the antique hardwood bar, and the German murals on the walls made me crave an icy-cold German lager with a stout head of foam.  I thought about how well German potato salad would taste with that beer.  So I grabbed a seat at the bar and eagerly awaited the first taste of my beer.  And I waited...and waited...and waited some more - for over 15 minutes before someone came around to take the order.  Actually that isn't quite accurate.  Two employees came around - one to the end of the bar, and one behind the bar directly opposite me.  Both of them stared at me.  Neither one greeted me or asked me what I would have like to order.  I stared back, incredulously, and even made a “what's going on here” palms-extended-upward-shoulder-shrug gesture.  Neither one took the hint.  Finally a third employee came around the bar and took my order.  Great, I thought to myself, finally that beer.  She served the beer in a Mason jar.  WTF?!?  Who serves imported German lager at a German restaurant in a freaking Mason jar?  Max's does.  The beer was devoid of its head, likely the result of a bad beer pour and/or a less than perfectly clean glass (an endemic problem with Pittsburgh restaurants, in my observation).  I was sad.  I quaffed my beer quickly in an attempt to salve my irritation and opened the menu.  My first impression of the menu can be summed as follows: “Uh-oh”.  The menu is huge with a number of “slow-food” stews and braises.  The restaurant is more than half-empty.  How can a restaurant prepare such a large number of menu items, including more than a few labor-intensive dishes, freshly every day and still stay in business when the place isn't even half-full?  Answer: They can't.  The food isn't fresh.  I ordered the Wiener Schnitzel.  I love properly prepared Wiener Schnitzel.  Made with fresh butterflied veal breast, slightly pounded and seasoned, well-coated in fresh bread crumbs, and pan-fried in clarified butter until golden brown on the outside and juicy on the inside, Wiener Schnitzel is the ultimate comfort food.    Sadly, Max's Wiener Schnitzel had nothing to do with properly prepared Schnitzel.  The veal was super-thin, had a texture that strongly suggested it had been mechanically processed, and tasted as if it was pre-breaded and frozen.  It wasn't pan fried either.  The breaded, frozen, puck was simply dropped into a fryolater - where the breading puffed out and fell off of the meat in places (which doesn't happen when the cutlet is resting against the cooking surface under its own weight as when the dish is properly pan-fried).  The edges of the sad Schnitzel had curled up and it looked a horrible mess on the plate.  Curly Schnitzel?!?  My stomach dropped.  My sides, German potato salad and braised red cabbage, were equally awful.  The German potato salad had an unnatural glossy sheen - the kind that typically comes from bottled sauces that contain high fructose corn syrup.  The “bacon” in the dressing was nothing more than tiny flecks of some sort of processed, possibly faux, “meat”.  The potatoes were suspiciously uniform in thickness and roundness - exactly the homogeneity that is found in pre-peeled, pre-sliced, vacuum-sealed processed potatoes.  It was a gluey, sickly sweet, mess.  I didn't have more than a bite or two.  The braised red cabbage didn't taste fresh - it tasted like it had been sitting in a steam table for a day or two and my order was its last chance to be eaten.    Max's Allegheny Tavern bills itself on their web site as, “The Best in German Fare.  The Best in Service”.  That's total bullshit.  It's awful - both for service and fare.  If you want good, authentic, German fare (in which the Schnitzel is properly pan-fried to order and delicious), join the Teutonia Mannerchor down the street.    I'll never return.
Last summer I had an a ppointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointmnt to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
First time customer today.  It is truly a dive but the sandwiches are great.  Large portions, fresh bread and cheap...
Last summer I had an appiontment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an ɑppointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
I went to a Bob Marley laser show as a 'favor' for my husband...  the lasers were really cool.  I would not recommend them if you are prone to migraines, or have a neuro disorder, such as seizures. I think if the music was more my taste, it would have been awesome.
Last summer I had an aрpointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an apрointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Love this place! I was visiting Pittsburgh from Houston and we decided to finish off our visit with this museum - or should I say museums. Coming from Houston where we have some pretty good museums, this was a pleasant surprise - really cheap considering you get both Art and Natural History. The dinosaur exhibit was so interesting and educational.  The gem and mineral exhibit was huge. And the art museum had a surprisingly awesome collection - I was thrilled to see a couple Van Goghs, Monets, Cezannes, etc. The only exhibit I didn't much care for was the temporary art exhbit - some contemporary craziness that involved body parts dangling from the ceiling.. at least it gave us something to talk about. All in all I did not spend nearly as much time here as I could have and would have liked. I highly recommend this for anyone visiting Pittsburgh.
Last summer I had an appоintment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appoіntment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Been there three times and each time it got better.  Most recent dinner was with a party of 14.  A large crowd for a smal place but they made it work.  Everyone was extremely pleased with their meal.  The lobster ravioli & salmon specials were top notch.  The service was even better than the food if that is possible.  Best restaurant in the burgh & it's BYOB to boot.  Make sure you have reservations.
Last summer I had an appoiոtment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appoin𝚝ment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
The store reeks of rotting fish, the security guards watch you like a hawk and the food selection is the worse I've seen in any Giant Eagle in the city.  One plus if you must shop here there are plenty of jitney drivers waiting for you to come out to offer you a ride.  That can be a big help if you are like me and don't have a car. “Need a car” haha some things about living in the hood just never change.   With this being the closet G E to Downtown and PNC Park and Heinz field I would think they would renovate but it's been years and still no change.
Last summer I had an appointｍent to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointmеnt to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
I really wasn't thrilled with our meal here. The service was fine, although a bit slow for a not-so-busy Wednesday night. We started with the breaded zucchini, which was about 90% breading, 10% zucchini. The breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable.  I had the parmesan crusted chicken with pasta, which seemed to be coated in the same breading they used on the zucchini, still too heavy and altogether flavorless. The chicken was cooked perfectly though, it just needed some spices and salt and pepper for goodness sake. The pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though. My husband was not thrilled with his pasta primavera, which was, strangely enough, very spicy (though the server did warn us about this beforehand, to her credit) and again, not much flavor and many of the veggies not cooked thoroughly.
Last summer I had an appointmeոt to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointmen𝚝 to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Seattle may have just won the 2014 Super Bowl, but the Steelers still rock with six rings, Baby!!! Just stating what all Steeler fans know: a Steel Dynasty is still unmatched no matter what team claims the title of current Super Bowl Champs.. Go Steelers!!!
Last summer I had an appointments to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appointing to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Okay so I tried this place twice before writing a review to give them a fair shot. Unfortunately, the second visit wasn't any better.  I will start with the good. Service is pretty good.  The place smells of smoke. Why? Because you can smoke in the bar and there is an opening from the bar into the restaurant. This has to be a violation of the no smoking in dining areas in Pittsburgh. Gross.   The floor (carpeted) is so old that it is sticky and worn down. Walking on it with shoes on disgusted me. The walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place. Please, remodel! At least make me feel like the place is clean. If I feel like it is dirty in the dining hall, I can't imagine it's clean in the kitchen.  Now for the food. I am pretty picky about seafood. It needs to be fresh and cooked correctly. Don't get the Salmon or Tuna Steak. Tuna and Salmon should be easy to get right if you just season and cook it properly. Both tasted very fishy to me. Salmon that tastes overly fishy, to me, screams “this fish is not fresh”. Mashed potatoes are not made from real potatoes. Don't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes. I get it, you wanna have a mom and pop shop. But to do that you need to have great food.  Overall, I just don't think this place is good, and don't want to go back.
Last summer I had an designation to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Last summer I had an appoint to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Review #200  I got hooked on this bakery while living in Brighton Heights.  Now, when I drive past, I HAVE to stop.  I think this one is so much better than the sister store in West View.  I don't know why; I just like it better.  The sweetest ladies run this local bakery, and they always serve with a smile.  It's usually pretty fast too!  And they're CHEAP.  Doughnuts and giant muffins for $.65.  Cookies of all shapes and sizes are delicious and cheap as well.  It makes me so happy.  Some favorites:  All of the doughnuts:  Raised or cake, cream or jelly, chocolate or vanilla, they're ALL SO GOOD.  I wish I could stop and say no.  But I just can't.  The selection here doesn't go too fast.  I can usually still get one around lunch time, but if you want options, go early.  Lemon Poppyseed Muffin:  They run out quick, but they're so yummy!  It usually triumphs over the doughnuts.  Thumbprint cookies:  Maybe I just love the cookie, but I really like them here too!  Is the cliental a little special sometimes?  You bet.  Are the hours old fashioned early to open and early to close?  Yup.  But I just view it as absence makes the heart grow fonder.... :)
Last summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
L ast summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
This was my second visit and alas, my last.   Our first visit was at lunch and it was just OK. We weren't blown away nor were we impressed. But I will always opt to support a local Mom & Pop shop if all things are equal. This last visit was the pits.  It was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. We were one of two tables. This is usually an indication of something fishy (excuse the pun.) Appetizer was edamame. It was overcooked and left uneaten. I am not the adventurous sushi order-er; I had California rolls and spicy tuna. The tuna rolls were mostly spicy sauce then fish, very mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying. As for my CA rolls, the avocado was all brown! Not just the parts on the top (because I checked!) all the way through. When I brought it to the staff's attention her response was “Oh, yea. Avocado is like banana. They get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday.” WHAT?!? They did bring me another batch (that was part brown, part green) but it was too late. This was my first sushi restaurant EVER that we left half the rolls on the plate uneaten. Since we were all still hungry, my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the desserts. Yuck! Filthy. Not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever. When I set it back is when I noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down. Needless to say, we skipped dessert.   Our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1.
Lst summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lsat summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
BED BUGS!!! Horrible place! DO NOT STAY HERE!! Stayed here for a wedding we attended. Woke up in the middle of the night with bites all over my legs, arms, and back. We flip a pillow over and there it was. BED BUGS. We had to cut our trip short. The man at the front desk apologized and gave us the managers name and number and told us to call back later that morning. We have been calling since 8/10 and have yet to receive a call back. Such disrespect. We risk bringing back bed bugs and spending hundreds on extermination fees and no has the decency to call back.
Lɑst summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Laѕt summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
I had not been to Betos in many many years.  Boy has the place grown up.  Still the same pizza that you will either love or hate.  The Pizza here has the chesse and topings put on after they cook it so it melts some while you eat it.  Tastes really good.    I also has the apetizer sampler which was a lot of food for two people.   Was not to crowded, but full Saturday at lunch.  Highly recommended.
Las𝚝 summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Final summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
A different style (love or hate) pizza. A square cut thicker crust with cold shredded cheese on top. It's different enough that it is a good chance of pace to your standard pie.
Latter summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Great shop! Watched them make their waffle comes right in the shop and they are delish!  Tried the salted caramel and was surprised to find little chocolate covered caramels inside! Yum!
Past summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Latest summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
I will never forget Campiti's. As a youngster growing up playing on Potomac Avenue and Dormont. My favorite pizza was and still is Campiti's. I have not found an equal in the 18 years I have been in CA. The hoagies were pretty damn good too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this w eek for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this wek for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Agree with chaitiyana. This place is pretty bad. The food isn't fresh. They have a Buffet even for dinner. I stayed at Days Inn for 2wks here and was forced to eat here a few times. The mango lassi was good, the naans (when fresh) were good, but mostly it all stunk.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this ԝeek for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this wеek for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
got the buffet pizza was good they also give you free soup to .
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this weеk for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this wee𝒌 for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
I had a positive experience with this shop. I needed something framed at the last minute, and within extremely precise parameters (that weren't easy to abide by), and they not only got the work done correctly and on time, but at a reasonable price.   The staff is a little gruff, but not at all unfriendly, and I am happy to have found a local shop that I will return to.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this weeks for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this chou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Cons: * Very cramped space, aisles are so narrow that you have to carry your case sideways. * Only a few items were priced with signs hanging above them. * No shopping carts.  Pros: * Decent selection * Chilled section
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this chow for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
I lived in Pittsburgh for four years and have never been to D's, but I visited recently and went with some friends. What lured me was the promise of veggie dogs and burgers, and I was not let down. I got two hot dogs--a Chicago and a mac and cheese. Really, really good. My boyfriend ordered the Red Alert dog (his was meat) and his face basically melted off, but he insisted he loved it. Then he said the spices may or may not have traveled to his tear ducts, but to each his own. He had a great time. My two friends also got the mac and cheese veggie dog and loved it.  The beer cave is awesome.  I'd love to give D's five stars, but like a couple of people mentioned, the service is lacking. Everyone is friendly, but I had to walk around and find our server so I could pay, and then find him again when he didn't return. It took us a while to get water refills, too. The dining area and the bar are separated, and it seems like the servers congregate in one place and leave the other vacant at any given time. Very nice people though.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this weekly for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new t ires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Something different here.  Food, schmood, go there and drink the beers from the beer cave.  I don't think you have to wait for the server to open your beer, they'll notice and charge your accordingly.  It's all walk in and self service beer, why don't more places do that?!  Mike
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new ties and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tiers and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
It's got it's ups and downs.  It's got a reasonably attractive interior, antique tin ceilings, a broad selection of dozens of beers and a tasty looking menu featuring daily specials.  So why my low score?  D's at the other end of the block puts their beer collection to shame offering 1000 beers,  Both times I've eaten here the wait to be served has been extremely slow (at least 30 minutes and up) the prices are a bit high ($10-$15 for a lunch entree) and most importantly the food is in general heavy and bland.  This is not a terrible place, but with so many delicious spots nearby in regent square like the green mango, map room, d's and the square cafe you should keep on walking.  That said, if you wanted a quiet spot to grab a beer with a friend, you could definitely do worse, but skip the boring food.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new 𝚝ires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tіres and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Food is delicious and staff is very prompt.    The one thing I absolutely love about this restaurant is how clean the bathroom is!!!  I was completely stunned and amazed when I walked in.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tiⲅes and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
I got two pairs of shoes fixed here recently and I was very pleased with the work done and the cost.  It is a great little business to have in the neighborhood!  Make sure you call and check their hours... Saturdays are probably your best bet.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tireѕ and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tyres and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
BEST SUBS EVER.  Seriously.  We saw this on “PA n'at with Dave and Dave” and it looks awesome.  We took the drive to Swissvale and got us a “Battleship” and it was literally 3 feet long, just the right amount of veggies and meat and delicious.  It was 2 meals worth of food (for two people).  Even better the next day.  And the best part was that it was under 13 bucks.    It's great, fast food.  I can't wait to bring friends there to enjoy their selection of 40s along with a Battleship.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tyre and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tire and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
This place is okay. The waiter was horrible and barely checked on us. The food was also not too good. It was very bland and didn't have a lot of taste to it. I will not be coming back.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new pneumatic and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new inflatable and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
The worst pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.    Their watermelon mixed drink was very good though.  I won't be returning.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't e ven apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't evn apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Being born and raised into an all Italian family, I'm pretty darn picky about my pastas and gravy (tomato sauce for the unknowing). My great grandmother's sauce was the first I remember, she never opened a can to make her sauces, always using tomatoes she canned herself in mason jars. She simmered her sauces until every seed melted away. My mother's sauce was a bit more thicker, using puree and paste as a base, later adding whole peeled tomatoes, garlic and fresh basil. Her sauce cooks down to a velvety pasta sauce that should be jarred and sold on super market shelves.  Sorry on to my review of Olive Garden. seriously? Really? No! I will admit it's good in a fit of really, REALLY needing a pasta fix, or if you want to eat breadstick and salad. But the sauces are overly rich, and I don't mean the tomato sauces. I mean the sauces they put over the pasta with chicken, beef or fish. And, let me be real Italian here, pasta is NEVER the main meal in an Italian supper, Pasta is normally the first course and NEVER served with meat, including MEATBALLS. Thats as American as fortune cookies. after pasta, comes the protein, that includes meatballs, then finally salad.  Okay, I'm done being a snooty Italian who looks down upon Olive Garden, I got out all my frustrations on you, my readers. But seriously, if you want good Italian food, hit up a REALLY good neighborhood, family owned Italian restaurant. The service is better, it will be cheaper and it won't go to a big conglomerate who over charges on a plate of pasta, which is one of the cheapest food you can serve. Oh, two stars for a pretty good bowl of Pasta Fazoo (pasta and beans).
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't eevn apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't еven apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Great bagels, sandwiches, soup, and coffee! My favorites are the veg-out bagel sandwich, the bagel dog on onion, and their sour cream potato salad is so good too. If you like all beef hotdogs, you should try the bagel dog. They wrap bagel around the dog. When they heat it up, the juice soaks into that chewy bagel and it is heaven.  Mmm.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't eѵen apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't evеn apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
There is serious separation anxiety when you have to leave your stylist, with whom you have established a bond, and maybe even spilled serious personal information to.   Having moved from the south, I had to leave a woman I loved and strike out into all new territory. It was the end of a 2 year relationship, and I wasn't prepared to see just any old body after that.   Then I found Nicolette at MCN. She's amazing and chill and friendly and interesting and and AND she's great at her job. Also, the salon is beautiful and the stylists range in price, so if you are occasionally living from paycheck to paycheck (like me,) you can see Jenn or Kara and get a great cut without having to scrounge through your piggy bank for a little extra.  However, if you don't like dogs, be aware that Josie, the bulldog, is frequently around and about.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't eveո apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't yet apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
I booked a hair apt here after reading some of the reviews on Yelp, hoping I'd find a place to get my hair cut after moving to Pittsburgh from NJ. Maybe it was just the hairdresser I booked an appointment with, but I did not have a great experience. I'm a nurse who works mostly day shifts, and I value sleep over styling my hair in the morning. I tried to articulate that I wanted a hair cut that required minimal styling on my part. The hairdresser immediately shot me down, asking me how I expected to have my hair look nice if I wasn't willing to put work into it. She then berated me for not using styling products-- again, I'd rather sleep.   Now, maybe a few people feel differently about their hair, but all I wanted was a cut that allowed for minimal styling on my part. I wasn't asking for some trendy 'do that needed 3 different products, a round brush, and a flat iron in order to re-create it. I ended up getting almost the same exact cut I had going in there (just an inch shorter). Oh, and she also told me the cut I had coming in wasn't entirely flattering because of it's blunt ends--- funny, I ended up with the same thing.   This experience has definitely made me decide never to go back, for $50 I expect a little bit better service and a little bit nicer treatment. Oh, and somewhere that isn't constantly pushing products.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't also apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't so apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Very sloppy! No attention the polish is all over my fingers so disappointing and aggravating that now I'm going to have to pay more money else where to get them redone
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't again apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Hotel restaurant/bars are usually not known for being the best in town.  So when I had the opportunity to eat and drink at SoHo recently, I can not say I was surprised that I found the cuisine to be on the uninspiring side.  Is it terrible?  No,  but you know that better is out there.    The blackened chicken wrap was boring.  The flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland.  Also, white tortillas just do not do it for me.  Why does it seem that Pittsburgh wants to thrive on fatty, flavorless food?  Upon ordering the caesar salad on New Year's Eve, I was told that the restaurant has no non- or low-fat dressing option...at all.  However, I can order a salad with FRENCH FRIES on it.  Seriously?  The salad was fine, by the way, and is a large portion but knowing  that tons of calories had to be consumed just to get a vegetable in me was disappointing.  On the bright side, the smoked turkey wrap, which comes with havarti cheese and cranberry sauce was ridiculously good.  The turkey was juicy and melded perfectly with the cheese and cranberries.  That I could eat again and it would  fill me up all day.  I also sampled the buffalo pierogies and really just found them to be the Mrs. T's ones with Frank's Hot Sauce on them.  They were good, but uncreative considering the price ($8.99).  The drinks here are decently priced and pretty good.  Friends I was with sampled a few of the drinks on the interesting cocktail menu and were happy with their choices...they were strong drinks.  When my co-worker and I arrived though one night to dine here, we were not offered cocktail menus so I just stuck with wine until I was no longer in the mood for a cocktail.    Service on New Year's Eve was apathetic.  Granted, the place was packed, but we had  to wait for silverware and had our food and drinks pretty much thrown at us.  Even when it slowed down we were barely paid attention to and were hardly treated with any amount of friendliness even though numerous drinks and food orders were made.  There are a ton of TVs here, so it is a great spot to watch a game.  Even during busy times, there is a space for you but it will take a while to flag down a server to seat you if you want to sit.    I think I would stop back here if I find myself at the Springhill Suites again, but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here.  Can't win 'em all, right?    Pro-tip:  You can not access the restaurant from the hotel it is attached to (Springhill Suites) without a key and you can not leave the restaurant to get into the hotel without one.  Want some good people watching?  Sit and watch people try to get from one to the other without realizing you need a key.  Ridiculous.  Since you can access each of these places without a key from other doors, this does not make any sense.  But, it is what it is so do not forget your key!
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next m orning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next mornig I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
DIDN'T EAT HERE...this review not about the food.  We went on Friday night around 8pm, there seemed to be about 25% occupancy.  The hostess asked us if we had a reservation, we didn't , and she told us that they were somewhat behind and that we would have to wait 20-30 minutes.  WTF?  We IMMEDIATELY left and frankly its not worth going back again.  shame, the fish was good there. Crappy hostess for sure.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morinng I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next ｍorning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
I am sorry to have to give the Original Fish Market a 2 rating, I could of given it a 3-4 but the service was pretty sad! We sat down for lunch after checking into our hotel room. We waited too long for the waiter to initially great us, and there may have only been 5-10 diners in the entire restaurant, so this is the main reason for a 2, hopefully it's a rarity because the food was pretty good. I had the Cod sandwich , it was hot and tasty, probably one of the better fish sandwiches I've had. So it disappoints me to dole out a 2 but service is important!
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next mоrning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next moⲅning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Very nice cheap quick bus service to airport. (28X).  but i think i've found out what happens to all the old buses in Seattle, they are shipped to Pittsburgh, old polluting diesel buses seem to be the norm.  they also run the inclines, which are pretty cool if not old.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morոing I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next mornіng I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Port Authority (formerly known as PATransit, or “PAT”) operates a fairly extensive network of buses and (in the South Hills) light rail. Instead of running school buses, the school district gave high schoolers bus passes to get to class, and I have used the bus since 1997.  I've had a great experience using the bus in Pittsburgh. I didn't get a driver's license until I was almost 19--the bus (“Miss Pat”--another nickname) and my bike got me everywhere I needed to go. There will inevitably be delays and problems, but that is common to all modes of transportation. The price is right (especially with a “free” bus pass; students see below) and if you live and work in the city, you should consider making the bus your main means of commuting.  The system is largely built on the legacy of pre-World War II trolley lines, so the neighborhoods that were developed before 1950 are fairly well-served, while more recent developments can be harder to navigate by bus. The system just had a major overhaul (in spring 2010) but still travel many of the same routes.  The route numbering system is complicated, and there are many exceptions, but as a rule, the routes are numbered in a counter-clockwise fashion from downtown. The “oughts” and 10's go north, the 20's and 30's go west, the 40's and 50's go south, and the 60's, 70's, 80's an 90's go east. Routes that are just letters are express or flyer routes, which may go on one of three “busways,” transit-only highways that bypass traffic jams. The light rail (known as the “T” or the trolley) serves southern city and suburban neighborhoods above ground, and has three underground stations downtown, with a major construction project underway to extend trains to the North Side, projected for completion in 2011.  The University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University (among others) have agreements with the Port Authority to allow students, staff and faculty to use their university IDs as bus passes. Others can purchase passes at $75 per month or $20 per week, while a local one-way fare is $2.00. Port Authority is supposed to be rolling out a “smart card” digital payment system (\u00e0 la WMATA's SmarTrip or London's Oyster) soon, but that remains in development.  One especially great value is the 28X, a route serving the Pittsburgh International Airport from Downtown and Oakland (the university district) via the West Busway. Fare, as of mid-2010, is $2.75, compared with taxis and other shuttles costing $30 or more. The 28X runs every half hour and takes around 35 minutes to get to the airport from downtown, or 15 minutes longer from Oakland.  The Port Authority's fare revenues cover only a fraction of its expenses, and the state and county's perennial budget problems have caused several funding crises in recent years.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morniոg I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morninɡ I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
The store is small, but it carries specialties that are difficult to find in Pittsburgh. I was particularly excited to find middle eastern chili sauce and chocolate covered Turkish delights.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next morn I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next mornin I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Boy do I miss Primate Bros.  I remember going there when the packing district was coming alive at 3 and 4 a.m.  We were coming back from a night of being out 'n about with friends (this was in high school/college summers in the mid-70's).  We would order wild concoction in sandwiches with french fries IN them.  I liked the place so much I bought and wore proudly one of their T-shirts...but alas...left it with a native friend (she also liked it alot) in Koh Samui Thailand.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next matin I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next sabah I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
Salami and cheese is so amazing. Best food in the city!
Lastly summer I had an nominations to get new tirеs and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this zhou for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They “fixed” it for free, and the very next matinee I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the “manager” didn't still apologize!!! So frustrated. Jamais going returning.  They seem overpriced, too.
[UNK] staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
It wasn't bad, but it definitely wasn't good.   As soon as we walked in the door the place was jammed back with people who were not interested in seating anyone or telling anyone they would be seated. On one side of the restaurant there were literally two girls working, and one of them was pregnant. You can imagine the chaos. I wanted to have this “Pittsburgh” experience that I've heard so much about but honestly I was more than underwhelmed.   After being seated, it took the waitress 10 minutes to get around to actually saying hello to us and in between that time a large group of people decided to squeeze in a booth behind our table making my friend having to get up every time a waitress or another person needed to squeeze back there.  The sandwich at best was mediocre. The coleslaw was a bit too vinegary for my tastes and became sickening after the first half of the sandwich. I needed a lot of ketchup to even finish the sandwich. Not to mention I got a nice souvenier of vinegary smelling hands afterwards.   If you're a tourist, go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the “Pittsburgh” experience. Apart from that, I don't know why you'd return.
Friendly [UNK], same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, [UNK] starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
a classic. nothing else to say
Friendly staff, same [UNK] fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks [UNK] you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Clearly should have read a few reviews before going here. Whenever I go to these types of iconic regional dining establishments, I order the house specialty to best judge the place on its supposed merits. Since it was 11 in the morning, I chose not to order Primanti's #1 best seller, which the waitress told me was beer, but perhaps that would have made my experience better. As it was, I ordered the #2 best seller, the cheese steak. It was heinous.   Think a grimy, mechanically separated Salisbury-style steak with a meager slice of provolone on sliced Italian bread served signature Primanti-style: with coleslaw, tomatoes, and fries.  First, the steak was disgusting: terrible flavor (smelled and tasted like hippie armpit, which I'm not necessarily opposed to as long as it's not involved in something I'm trying to eat) with a gross, processed meat texture. Secondly, the fries easily overwhelmed the sandwich, with their old fryer grease taste. Additionally, the sandwich was unwieldy and threatening to fall apart at every turn--a trait I don't hold against decent-tasting sandwiches, but this lack of structural integrity just added insult to injury.   My dining partners were equally disgusted by their choices: corned beef and ham & cheese sandwiches, respectively. Easily the best part of the meal was the Smallman Street Fries, and those were equally lack-luster. The “bacon” was simply bacon bits (oh, the humanity!), the chili was uninspired, and the cheese sauce and sour cream did little but soggy the fries. (Did I mention they tasted like old fryer grease?)    I will never go back and I will immediately disregard the culinary opinions of anyone who thinks Primanti Bros. produces decent food.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair [UNK] get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you [UNK] anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
When there's this much hype about a place, it's hard to live up to, but they did a pretty damn good job. Maybe not the best sandwich I've ever had in my life, but if it was any random sandwich shop I'd happened to stumble into, it would definitely be five stars without a second thought.  The chili cheese fries were among the best I've ever had. I don't know what they do to them - it's not the chili that's particularly great, it's not the cheese that's particularly great, and it's not the fries that are particularly great. But somehow, putting them all together just turns it into unbeatable awesome.  The sandwich itself (I got the corned beef) was very good despite the fact that I hate coleslaw. But they don't mean the typical mayo-and-carrot-and-purple-onion coleslaw; they make it with vinegar and oil, so it's basically just like seasoned lettuce. They put a bit much of it on, which overwhelmed the rest of the ingredients at first, but just pull about half of the slaw off and you have a kick-ass sandwich. The hot sauce goes really well on it too. And for a pretty reasonable price, I might add. Normally, I'd expect it to be about twice as much with that kind of reputation and downtown location.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get [UNK] else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere [UNK].  Sometimes the lines can get long.
I've heard all the hype and wanted to try it.  Tonight was my second attempt here.   First time, new girl on the grill apologized to me at 10 minutes, at 15 I walked.  Not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff.   Tonight, the waiter seemed mad that I didn't know what I wanted to order.  After I explained that I'd never been there, he brought me a menu and then proceeded to ignore me for 10 minutes.  I walked again.  No more tries here.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong?  Haha.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  [UNK] the lines can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes [UNK] lines can get long.
This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for, please visit. If you're looking for a tasty meal, go somewhere else. 5 stars for history, 0 for food quality and flavor.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the [UNK] can get long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines [UNK] get long.
Awesome tortillas, awesome salsa, pretty good selection of Latin American food products (mostly Mexican, but lots of S./Central American and Caribbean).  I'm spoiled from all the Hispanic grocery stores in Atlanta, but this is the best one I've found in the 'burgh.  Prices are average for the Strip and Pittsburgh, but a little high for a Hispanic grocery store.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can [UNK] long.
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get [UNK].
Even a NYer was telling me to get tacos here, so I did. Pretty good. Loaded more than I'm used to. They make their own tortillas which is respectable. It's fun to watch people order tacos here, this is a real taste of Mexico, and it seemed new to half of them. Pittsburgh is a great town because the vendors aren't afraid to give the people something real - they even have tongue.   That chinese food truck across the street though.... it's good, but way Americanized.
F riendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Frindly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Yes, I went and had the tacos. YES, the lengua tacos. YES, I KNOW!!! They were good. Did you also know that you can buy homemade tortilla chips in hella bulk, along with any kind of sauce you can imagine? If you suddenly need plantains for a questionable contribution to a fireside potluck, you can get those here, too. I'm not sure what else you can really ask for in a Mexican food store. Nope, pretty sure they've got it all. Oh, if you buy a plantain that is pitch-black, or you find that your plantains at home have gone pitch-black, simply slice them open, place in oven, bake until warm and tender, then spread with guava paste (available at Reyna Foods). So the man at the counter tells me. True story.
Firendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Fⲅiendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
love the lobster roll.  buttery delicious stuff.  the crab/spin/artichoke dip was also yummy.  i'll go back and try other dishes.  so far so good
Frіendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
I went here for the first time on Saturday night. I had to go & try the famous Giant Fish Sandwich! When it arrived, I was impressed. The fish was even bigger than I expected & the batter was perfect. Also, the beer menu is lengthy! They serve beers from almost every corner of the world! I thought about trying something new, but turns out I was homesick for a good old Pennsylvania beer... :) Roland's is definitely a cool place in my book. I'll be back! :P
Frieոdly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Frienԁly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
I hesitate to even write this review because technically we didn't eat here.  But after reading the other reviews, I thought “Eh, what the hell.”  We came in and were seated at 5:45pm for desserts/drinks.   By 6:05, we still hadn't seen our waitress.  We decided it wasn't worth it and just left.  I did eat here a month ago, and yes -- the fried fish was fried to the point where it was beyond greasy.  And then to pay around $20 for that?  LOL.  Right.  I won't be back.
Friendⅼy staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friendlу staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
The people aren't lying. This lobster roll is drenched in butter and guaranteed to be a key contributor in your untimely death. You better love it or leave it alone.
Amiable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Amicable staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
There were 3 of us on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Surprisingly Roland's was 3/4 full. With 3 waitresses. They were RUNNING to fill orders.  The fish was hot and crispy. It was fried but it was good. The French fries with it tasted as if they were fried in the same grease or an oil that should've been changed several days ago.  The Mussels were OK.  But the Clams Casino were inedible. The clams were served raw with a burnt bread crumb topping. The crab cakes were also bad. Both went back.  The waitress never asked if we wanted something else or if the rest of the meals were fine.  The New England Clam Chowder was good but overpowered by the smoky bacon that was added to the soup.  No, we won't go back..the food was lackluster(better fix at Wholleys) and the service was terrible. It took 20 minutes to get someone to take the bill.
Cordial staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Amity staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Prime time location, and they know it.  Yet another older guard restaurant that realizes it has people roped in before they know it.  The place looks nice and is possibly the best location during the summer especially in the city.  I have always steered clear of Roland's because of an assumption.  But....the wife and her friend wanted a “lobster roll” so I was roped into going.  I opted to just drink a draught.  They got one of their famous lobster rolls and immediately were underwhelmed.  The sandwich was dwarfed by a mountain of handcut fries (the best part).  It also came with a limp pickle speer and a small condiment cup of coleslaw?!  The roll itself was lobster, but was fishy tasting and had no sauce?!  There was maybe 3ozs of fishy lobster on the roll.....Pathetic. Service was decent and my draught and few fries got this place the extra star it deserves.  Go to Wholey!!!!
Friendship staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Som etimes the lines can get long.
If 0 stars were possible I'd give em. Got back from here yesterday evening and I am physically ill.   I didn't even touch the anemic, yellow and fishy smelling muscles - not that the waiter asked why we hadn't eaten them, more on this character in a moment. My ahi tuna steak was decent, but I think the scallops are what got me and my friend is sick as well. Just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off.  Speaking of the waiter - one of the worst I've ever had the displeasure of umm being served by? That sounds awkward and vaguely jack-assy ... Hmm the mild poisoning I have is affecting my wit, but you follow me.  This guy spilled half the water out of the oysters while trying to put a plate down, and didn't notice or say anything about it when he did; he asked me how I wanted my tuna steak prepared??!   Worst of all he spoke in this low monotone while other customers and cars going by drown him out so all you can tell is he asked you something because he's standing there with this kind of 'come on!' look on his face - totally rude and completely inept. I was hard put to give 10% tip to be honest.   I'd suggest the similar bar down the road for better quality food and service. Good luck out there!
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometims the lines can get long.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Soemtimes the lines can get long.
Last weekend my mother and I headed down to the strip to get some weekly goods - lunch meat and cheese from Penn Mac - veggies at Stans - needed some new spices from Penzeys for a chili I was going to make that day....we were both a little hungry and knew we wanted to have a snack before shopping.  We parked in front of Roland's and see the sign: Famous for Lobster Rolls and Bloody Mary's!  Perfect.   My mother got the Lobster Roll, which she said was 'good'. The bread, from Mancini's, was of course tasty - toasted and buttery - delicious mostly because it was Mancini's bread. I had the Lobster Roll minus the carbs on a salad - and the lobster was tasty, no doubt , I mean, lobster is just - good. For the price though, not sure that I got enough bang for my buck. The salad was something I could have picked up at Get-Go in the pre-made section. I just didn't feel satisfied at the end of my meal. I couldn't even drink my Bloody Mary (this is a rare affair), way too much horseradish, and I often like horseradish in my Bloodies!  And it was cold - didn't even take my winter coat off. So, needless to say, not the best experience.  Talk about false advertisement...
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sоmetimes the lines can get long.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Soｍetimes the lines can get long.
WARNING ,,,,, this place is for SUCKERS ONLY ..... funky smelling ,worse tasting seafood ... overpriced ..... raunchy,un-clean restrooms .... only reason anyone goes here is because this is a ''tourist trap '' type neighborhood with some fun shopping spots nearby and this restaurant is positioned in the center of everything. As P.T. Barnum once said  '' There's a sucker born every minute '' ...... stay away ... any other restaurant will be better .
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Somеtimes the lines can get long.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Some𝚝imes the lines can get long.
I liked the bar.   The food not at all. First time here, wife and I sat at the bar and people watched over some WELL POURED drinks.   Strong point.  Then we screwed up and ordered food.   I got their infamous lobster roll.  Glad I had a drink.  Overcooked and dry, dry, dry. I thought lobster roll was generally made with a lobster salad-like mix.  This lobster was dry and chewy.  Lots of it, though  I guess that accounts for the high price.   I went down to Wholeys and got a much tastier one for 5 bucks.  And wife's nachos were just a big pile of chips with some toppings thrown on the top.  Then the other day,  we went back and I tried pizza.  Yuck.  The toppings were terrible (pepperoni, sausage.  how can youscrew that up, but they did.)  Two slices and boxed it up so as not to hurt the waitress' feelings.  But it went into the trashcan down the street.  Go for the hootch and not the food!!
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometіmes the lines can get long.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometiｍes the lines can get long.
I would give them ZERO stars if it were an option. No one came to wait on us. I had to ask the hostess to send us a waiter. We'll call him Mr. Personality because he never did tell us his name. I should have known we were in trouble when he didn't bother to write down our order. My Caesar salad came without the requested onions. My grilled salmon was overcooked. The vegetables were bland. The waiter took away my half-empty glass of ginger ale and filled it with water. He never offered us dessert. The rest rooms were filthy. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimеs the lines can get long.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimeѕ the lines can get long.
I can't believe this place got a bad rating!!! Sure, it's not a 5-star restaurant, but you can't beat the price or the food!!! Why would you order french fries at a Greek restaurant? I want everyone to disregard the previous bad rating about this place.  I live about a block away from Salonika's, and I absolutely love it. The first time I went in, I noticed that it was rockin while every restaurant nearby was empty. Very good sign, trust me!! Sure, there are no waiters. You order at the front counter and linger around until your food is ready, but I've never had to wait more than a few minutes.  The food is absolutely amazing!!! And cheap!!! My boyfriend loves the chicken with pasta, which is exactly what it says it is: pasta with chunks of chicken. It is lightly seasoned, but no heavy sauces. And it's amazingly filling.  I always get the Greek salad or the pastitsio. The greek salad comes loaded with onions, feta, olives, and jalapeno peppers that are marinated in some kind of garlic marinade. And there is always enough dressing!!! Homemade dressing at that.  The pastitsio is definitely an acquired taste. It's like a greek lasagne, but without cheese. It consists of a large layer of very spiced beef, then layers of noodles and a cream sauce.  I bring a lot of friends to Salonika's when they trek downtown to hang-out with me, and EVERY SINGLE PERSON I have introduced to this place absolutely LOVES IT!!! I usually make them get a gyro, and I can't tell you how many of my friends will go back up for another one because they are so good. The gyro meat is fresh, in fact they carve it right there.  There is also a bar in the back of the restaurant. I kind of wish it wasn't there because it attracts some “unsavories” and takes away from the atmosphere in the restaurant. But you can't win them all. Keep in mind that this is a cash-only establishment, so hit the ATM on the way.  You will not be disappointed with this place. This place is really a gem!!!
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Occasionally the lines can get long.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometime the lines can get long.
Sorry, but I stopped in this morning to get my lunch because I knew I would be too busy to go out for lunch.  Got a Greek Salad.  First of all, there was no lid on the salad, it was wrapped in plastic wrap... What??? Anybody could put anything in there without too much trouble.  Second when I went to eat it, I threw most of it away because the lettuce was brown and/or wilted.  Not going back again.  I didn't spend all that money for garbage.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Intermittently the lines can get long.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Seldom the lines can get long.
The Sicilian Pizza is huge, tasty, crusty on the outside, soft in the middle.  The regular thin crust pizza was loaded with toppings.  My only complaint is that the Pizza was served luke warm.  I want my pizza piping hot, almost burning the roof of my mouth!  The overall taste made up for the temperature difference, and I was happy with the overall experience.  Both the cooks and the waitress were friendly.
Friеndly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Habitually the lines can get long.
[UNK] food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
This place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising. Some of the food was good and others were sub-par.  Two of us ate the gyro platter which comes with:  hummus (watery)  pita (store bought)  gyro meat (I've never had gyro meat like this before, it was ultra thin and had a rubbery texture - also the portion was so small)  Greek salad (iceberg with sparse toppings and too much dressing)  grape leaves (vegetarian but quite good)  and rice (actually this was the tastiest thing on the platter - it had a nice lemon and chicken broth flavor).   Overall the food was hit or miss. The most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat. My companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable. I think diners come for the cake which was eaten by almost every person in the joint.   I also have to agree with some of the other reviewers, this place is disgustingly dirty. All patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross. The kitchen was not clean and our waiter had food on his hands when he served us.   Even homemade wine and honey soaked cake won't bring me back again.
The [UNK] is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food [UNK] good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
There has to be better Italian food in Pittsburgh -- I don't know why anyone would come here.  I had an overnight field trip with my students to Pittsburgh & the tour company took us here for a murder mystery dinner show.  They had us sectioned off which was great for privacy & also since the students were loud.  Their service is a hot mess!!!!  They only had 2 waiters serving our 50 person group & it was not organized at all.  Just getting our drinks out was confusing.  The waiters just came out with any drink & then asked -- anyone order this??  This is why my table sat drinkless, breadless, & saladless for the longest time.  For our dinner, we were given a salad, entree, & tiramisu.  The salad was definitely straight out of the bag & doused with some cheap dressing.  It didn't taste fresh at all.  There was a list of 8 or so entrees we could choose from.  They came out quite haphazardly.  I unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- worst ever.  I could make better alfredo using the sauce from a supermarket jar.  I tried to douse it with pepper & cheese but alas it did nothing to help it.  Some of the others said the chicken parm was alright but some said theirs was undercooked.  The tiramisu also was gross.  It definitely was made & cut awhile ago & just kept cold in their fridge.  The redeeming parts of this dinner was the decor & old fashioned coin operated games AND the mystery show.  I've never been to one & was really excited.  They started after we ate our entrees & intermissioned during dessert.  The actors were super funny & interactive -- my students loved them which of course makes me happy.  Seriously though, their food is so bad.
The food is [UNK]. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. [UNK] the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Came here later in the evening on a weekday to an empty building. No host/ess, no wandering servers, no customers... We had to search the place for someone to seat us and the first people we ran into were a couple of off-duty servers who were rolling silverware. The male kindly sat us and got our drinks for us. It took a ridiculously long time for our server to even appear at our table and just as long for our food to come out. To make everything worse, the only other couple in the restaurant who were sitting behind us were complaining to the server about their food. The server returned to their table a bit later (no manager) and said that “the manager” told him that since the food is made early in the day, it can lose texture and flavor by the time it is served. WHAT? Seriously???? It was hard to enjoy our food at all by the time it arrived.  The food left much the be desired. The service was the worst I've ever encountered. I don't usually leave complaints on restaurant websites but I had to leave one for this terrible visit. They gave us a coupon for a free appetizer. Needless to say we did not return to redeem it.
The food is good. Unfortunately [UNK] service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the [UNK] is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Really marvelous art presented in a beautiful setting.  The gift shop is one of the best in the city.  They feature crafts from artists around the world and local.  Shows are well lit and well presented.  Downstairs are studios where they teach classes on metals, wood, fiber, mixed media and book/paper arts (beginning to advanced). They do a great job of hosting outside events and fundraisers.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service [UNK] very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is [UNK] hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
This review is for the Sam Bok food stand.  I found a review (kind of) for it but I feel as though it's good enough to have its own review.  PLUS, my gal from China Express (now closed, was downtown) cooks there, so I had to make it happen.  This place is simple.  It has chicken on a stick, mung bean pancakes, & I think some sort of spring roll.  The only thing I've ever tried is the chicken on a stick, and really, it's all I need.  these little thingers are delicious, and they're only $3.    They have two different sauces to dump on it, and I get it with both; one is some sort of Korean BBQ sauce & the other is just Sriracha.  Then it's wrapped in foil, and handed off.  Make sure you get extra napkins, as they're messy.  Any time I run to the strip to get a few staples, I inevitably swing through and get a chicken on a stick.  You should too...you won't regret it.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very [UNK] or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit [UNK] miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
I used to buy La Prima espresso for my Pavoni all the time so I was pretty excited to actually get a cup of coffee here.  I ordered a cappuccino.  It tasted like milk and no coffee.  I was exceptionally disappointed.  So while the place has a great reputation,  even they can screw it up if they don't pay attention to detail, and  at this level they should never screw it up. I had a better cup at Martys Market for crying out loud!
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or [UNK]. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. [UNK] main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Worst Brazilian wax I have ever gotten. Extremely Painful and inefficient, still had a red welt 3 days later. She also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary. Eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $18. Do not go here for waxing!
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The [UNK] issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main [UNK] seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The ladies here are very sweet and talented. We had 2 bridal gowns that needed a bustle and minor alterations. The prices are very reasonable, the dresses came back perfect,  and the length in time getting them back was very fast. Is recommend this shop for any and all alterations.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue [UNK] to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems [UNK] be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
I began attending the Midwife Center for well-woman care about three years ago, then chose the Midwife Center as my care provider when I became pregnant with my daughter a year and a half ago.  I can't say enough good things about this place, from the inviting atmosphere to the knowledgeable and supportive midwives to the very helpful nurses and lactation consultant.  My daughter was born in the Forest Room, and it was everything I'd hoped for.  One of the saddest parts about leaving Pittsburgh for me this past summer, when we had to move for my husband's job, was having to say goodbye to the Midwife Center.  I am hoping to find someplace half as wonderful in our new city.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to [UNK] with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be [UNK] the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The location of Redfin Blues is great! It overlooks the river, and makes for a lovely place to hang out and have a few drinks... However, the food and service is sub par. Each time that I have been here, whether it be an extremely bustling Saturday evening, or a slow weekday afternoon, the service has been poor. The food is average, and is way overpriced. There are many other great places in Pittsburgh to go if you want a yummy fish sandwich.   Redfin Blues has the potential to be such a great restaurant! But with the poor service and average food, it has a lot to yearn for.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with [UNK] kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the [UNK], the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
4 stars for the atmosphere. There are not many places in Pittsburgh to dine along the water and the outdoor seating at Redfin Blues is fantastic-huge outdoor deck with lots of tables under umbrellas. It was the perfect venture for Sunday Funday and I don't know why I have never been here before-well it is pretty hidden. They have a large parking lot and the outdoor seating was seat yourself.  It wasn't crowded so the service was fine but I could see on a busy Friday or Saturday the service would be less than stellar. We drank a beer (they only have bottled beers) and sat by the river to watch the boats go by.  The beers are pricy as our Curious Traveler Shandy was $6.50 each but it was a perfect drink for a hot day!  The menu is mostly seafood and pricey-the buffalo shrip where you only get 5 was $11.  It was only 3pm so we went with an appetizer of cheese fries with bacon and ranch-delicious and how could you go wrong! The fries had a tasty seasoning on them.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, [UNK] waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the [UNK] and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The steaks here are very good.  It's the same quality as the other high end places (prime cuts, aged, etc.).  However, I love the fact that they serve them on  platters sizzling with butter.  That's something somewhat unique compared to some of the other shops.  I love the sound of the sizzle as the plates approach the table.  I had dinner a couple of nights ago and while the steaks are top notch the bar isn't that good.  The  bartenders are competent, but the atmosphere is pretty lame.  It's kind of an afterthought it seems.  Oh yeah, and they don't have Guiness on tap.  I'm going to start a petition that  no liquor licenses should be issued without a guarantee that the proprietor have guiness on tap.  I mean, how do you not at a steakhouse?  If you  go here for dinner do your  happy hour elsewhere.  The service is very good.  The crab stuffed mushrooms are okay, but they certainly aren't noteworthy.  The mashed potatoes are great and the asparagus is okay, but I think  at high end steakhouses they should have asparagus that is as big as a baseball bat, something you can't get at the local grocery.  Overall a very fine experience.  I'd rate the chain steakhouses  in this city in this order for sit down dinners Mortons, Capital Grille,  Ruth Chris, Hyde Park.  And, for bar area and bar dining Capital Grille, Hyde Park, Mortons, Ruth Chris.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters [UNK] waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and [UNK] are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
I wavered between 4 and 5 stars here. If the rating was strictly based on food, I'd go with 5, easily. But, it's based on service, too, which is why I had to knock one off. Here's the deal...  I love Morton's. Its old-school interior and no-gimmicks shtick is awesome. Plus, of course, the food is fantastic. However, I wanted to branch out, and Ruth's Chris had some great reviews, so I utilized Yelp's oh-so-convenient Open Table reservation feature, and scored a table for two on a Saturday night.   Our reservation was for 8:30. We arrived right on the dot, but were told to go to the bar and wait. So, my boyfriend and I both got cocktails -- he had Glenlivet, which is obvs hard to mess up, and I got the Peachy Pear-tini, which was delish. And then, we waited. And waited. Around 9, our table was ready.   Our waitress was Kristen, and she was fantastic. Very attentive, friendly, witty, and knowledgeable about the food. Here's our food rundown:  - Barbequed shrimp app: I initially thought was BBQ sauce + shrimp, but it ain't. It's succulent li'l shrimp in a deliciously garlicky, white wine-infused sauce with a cayenne kick. Kristen suggested that we dip the bread in the sauce after the shrimp were gone, and we happily took her up on that.   -Ruth's chopped salad: Holy crap. The most memorable salad of my life. I rarely rave about salads. In fact, I think this is the first time I ever have in my life. But, this salad was incredible! It has crispy onion strings on top, hearts of palm (which I love), and this amazing lemon-basil dressing, among other delicious things. So awesome.  - Filet mignon: My boyfriend and I both opted for the filet. I got mine with extra butter, he got his with a bleu cheese crust. Mine was phenomenal. The sizzling butter really adds an extra dimension of flavor that puts it beyond Morton's. My boyfriend found the bleu cheese to be a li'l too generous, and he wound up scraping some off, but still enjoyed it.  - Broccoli au gratin: Again, phenomenal. I've never enjoyed broccoli so much. Granted, it was swimming in bubbling, gooey cheese...  - Potatoes lyonnaise: We took a risk here, as many people rave about the garlic mashed potatoes, and we saw mountains of them carried past our table. But, it paid off big-time. These were, hands-down, the BEST lyonnaise potatoes EVER. Pamela's has nothing on these. Every mouthful was a medley of crusty brown potatoes and caramelized onion goodness. I dream about these potatoes.  So, based on that experience, we went back again the next Saturday. Different waitress, same food (literally, we ordered exactly the same items, 'cause they were so damn good). I don't remember the waitress' name that we had the second time, but we waited longer for food to appear, were checked on far less, she took the cocktail shaker with my extra martini in it before I'd gotten to pour it in my glass, our steaks were not done correctly (he got my medium-rare, I got his medium-well), and it took forever to get the check. I really think it ruins the experience when you're done eating and ready to go, and you're just sitting there, drumming your fingers, looking around the dining room and wondering, “Where the hell is the waitress with our check?”   That said, we will definitely be back. We'll just request to be seated in Kristen's section! :)
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses [UNK] often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are [UNK] very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Apparently I wasn't important enough with my lunch burger order (even though it was $16.95...) because my server did not come back to see if it was cooked medium, which it certainly was NOT. When I FINALLY got a chance to ask about it, she acted indignant that I would question her then checked her pad, yes, I ordered medium. Then she stared at me. Stared.   I have to say, I have never felt smaller in any restaurant experience in my life. Extremely disappointing and appalling. Will give our business to Capital Grille from now on. I urge you to do the same.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often [UNK] apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very [UNK] for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
My girlfriend and I were staying downtown for a couple nights and wanted to have a drink close to the hotel. This was the third of three gay bars we went into that night. (we didn't even have a drink at the second one) And it was by far our favorite. Not a lot of female patroons so if you're a lady on the prowl, I would probably go somewhere else. But if you just want to relax in a comfortable, friendly atmosphere with some decent music, this is the place!  There were two bartenders and we happened to sit on Jeff's side. I'm sure they were both quite capable but Jeff was amazing at making us feel comfortable and chatted with us quite a bit until it got later and business picked up. Even then, he made sure we were taken care of. He's pretty much amazing and has great eyebrows.  I guess there was some craziness and fighting by the door and outside as the night got later but we never saw it and it didn't clear out the whole bar. I would expect a downtown bar to have a few problems and it seemed like they were taken care of efficiently. No strikes there.  We stuck to beers and the prices were very reasonable considering the downtown location. Apparently happy hour runs until midnight! We were able to both have some drinks on the cheap and listen some good music. Definitely returning whenever we're there again!
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic [UNK] the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for [UNK] long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
So fun to have a place like this in the Strip.  I just found out that they have chocolate oranges - I look for these in all the stores during Christmas and never thought to come here - well they have white, milk, and dark chocolate varieties available year-round.  I love the dark chocolate, but only because I didn't know the other two kinds existed!  They also have canisters of malted milk balls, unique chocolates from all over, seasonal items, and a cafe-ish area.  I didn't try the hot chocolate, but I hear it's a must-have.  While we walked around the small store, three different salespeople asked if we were finding everything okay - possibly because I kept taking pictures to Instagram and I didn't realize until after I left that there's a sign asking patrons not to take pictures. Ooops!  But no one said anything and they were polite, so thumbs up for the service here.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the [UNK] waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long [UNK] and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Cheap! doesn't necessarily mean bad - at least not here at the Stan's Market. However, you will definitely have to check, double check and triple check on some occasions before you buy anything.  We stop here twice a month to do our groceries - mostly for less likely perishable produce like the garlic, ginger, peppers, baby cucumbers. However, we usually end up buying a lot more than that since we cook on a daily basis. If you happen to buy some of the soft fruits like the strawberries, blue berries or the grapes - you will most likely need to finish it up with in a day or two. If not, you can always freeze them to make smoothies.  Let me say this again, this place is cheap. The prices I pay for the produce here are usually 1/3 of the price I pay at Giant Eagle. So, if you know your produce - this is definitely the place to stop.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits [UNK] it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and [UNK] pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
I stayed three nights here on business and really enjoyed the hotel and its staff. The place felt clean, up-to-date, and comfortable. All the staff were friendly and everything was easy, from check-in to check-out.   The rooms have high ceilings and were nicely furnished, and the 3rd floor courtyard even had its own bbq for guest use, which seemed like a nice thought.   I'd stay there again for sure.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's [UNK] obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty [UNK] that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Ok, but they do not go out of their way to help! I didn't have a credit card so at first they said I couldn't check in. Finally they allowed me to put down cash. Then I went to breakfast, and the shuttle refused to pick us up because “roads were too bad” We waited for 45 minutes at the restaurant. No cabs could pick us up, so I called the hotel and explained our situation (had to get to work soon, 5 mth pregnant woman with me, only a mile and a half away). He said he couldn't help. We had to walk while the snow blew in our faces. When we were almost there, we saw the shuttle pull out with the smoking shuttle driver in it, driving in the opposite direction, away from us. I cannot believe how rude they were
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious [UNK] some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that [UNK] of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Stopped in for a quick drink on new years eve about 3 pm . The place was empty . The bartender Chris was rude and very vulger . He made a crude sexual comment as soon as we sat down . We decided to stay for a drink anyway . After going a couple of choices we were told the bar was out of most stock . On New Years Eve ??? The Bartender kept complaining about his job and bosses for the next 10 minutes . We paid for our drinks and got up and left . Might be the strangest employee experience I had in awhile .
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some [UNK] them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of [UNK] avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Excellent food, nice beverages, more than fair prices, & great service. Waitress remembered us & was a doll. Owner Elias is a delightful gent & such a really welcoming character. We'll be back. Very pleased.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them [UNK] the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid [UNK] tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Terrible. The food they brought us didn't match what was on the menu. They brought out a different wine then we ordered and didn't tell us until we ask. They messed up out bill. They didn't accommodate for a member of our group that had an allergy. The beer was skanked. The soda was flat. Possible the worst restaurant I was ever in.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the [UNK] after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables [UNK] taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Worst experience at a restaurant ever.  I don't need anything fancy but this was pathetic.  My coke was colored water, when I sent it back she said they just changed it.  Came back and said we don't have coke, would you like a sprite.  The sprite was flat but I was afraid to order a water after that.  Why didn't we just leave then.  The menu had quite a few spelling errors we joked about but no joke - don't go here.  If I could rate this a zero, I would.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after [UNK] the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking [UNK] initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
We showed up after a Pirates game to keep the buzz rolling, and this place did the trick. 22-ounce Yuenglings for $4? My kind of place. There were plenty of sports on the tellie, some really kickin' alt rock music, and one of the friendliest crowds of all time. That adds up to a hell of a bar in my book.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the [UNK] order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial [UNK] to avoid hearing complaints.
My mom called me so giddy on the phone today, I thought she was going to tell me she won the lottery.  No.  Her sofa from Gene Sane arrived.  It made her just as happy.    She and I went to Gene Sane a few months ago and found fabric for a sofa and chair.  The fabric was not inexpensive.  Some of that they have is really beautiful designer fabric, some of it is not so special and I am convinced could be found elsewhere for less.  However, they did have excellent customer service throughout the entire upholstering process.  And my parents ended up getting two sofas and three chairs done there.  My parents live in Oakland in a condo building with a ridiculously small elevator.  Gene Sanes went above and beyond to make sure this extremely long sofa from my grandma would fit in the elevator at my parents' building.  They brought the sofa mid-upholstery to the building just to make sure it would fit into the elevator.  That is such great customer service it is ridiculous.  It did fit, which is great, but their backup plan was to upholster it as two pieces which would then seamlessly be fit together as one inside the apartment.  This is the kind of stuff that high end places in NYC know how to do and even though they ended up not having to do it in this case, it was good to know they have the skills to do so.  They were also great with attention to detail of lining up all the stripes on all the cushions both front and back.  These are the kinds of things that make a big difference.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order [UNK] avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to [UNK] hearing complaints.
This place was noted as a “must visit” location during my last trip to Pittsburgh. I must say, it was definitely worth the visit.   To all reading this, be aware that essentially, this is just a grocery store we're talking about here. However, the rustic building, and kitchy offerings (like pour your own olive oil...or taste our 100cheeses) makes it kind of special.   When I was given this recommendation, I was told “head to the back to where the cheese is”. So, I did. WHOA - so much more cheese than I ever expected. But no macaroni and cheese....boo.   They should really consider serving mac and cheese.   That's all.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid [UNK] complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing [UNK].
The cheese counter and “Dear Heart” really are treasures.  They have all manner of fancy aged gruyeres, tons of olives, and even some sort of disgusting concoction called “pepperoni cheese”.  In any case, the place is all kinds of old-world beautiful.  Shelf after shelf of yummy goods, Italian imports...yum.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main is sue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main isse seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
My family has been coming to Penn Mac for as long as I can remember. My parents make monthly trips to stock up on their very large array of cheeses. The prices are fantastic. For example, parmigiano reggiano at Whole Foods is 19.99 per lb; at Penn Mac it is 14.99 per lb. The service is great, the array of products are huge, and as stated before, the prices are great.   My favorite products to purchase are:  All cheeses Deli meats Canned tomatoes Pasta ”00” flour Cashews Olive oil
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main isuse seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main іssue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Unlike many historic theaters across the country, the Harris Theater has been lovingly restored, and is actually a great place to watch a movie.  In a past life, it showed porno movies.  Now it screens eclectic art-house films and other smart selections programmed by PGH Filmmakers.  Located on Liberty Street downtown, the theater is easily accessible via public transportation.  The concessions are cheap, and the seats are comfy.  What more could you ask for?
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main iѕsue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
After two visits to this theater this week, I want to yellp:  turn up the volume! Or seriously look into purchasing new audio equipment, easier said than done, I know. I felt as though I could hear every movement of audience members and the sound of crunching popcorn made me laugh out loud for some reason, but the point is that I was distracted and did not at all feel immersed in the wonderful film in view.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issսe seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issuе seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
I adore Prestogeorge. They've got a ton of freshly roasted coffees, which is great. Also? Lots and lots of loose-leaf tea. I may be willing to admit a small tea addiction, and this is one of my favorite places to try something new. I've given coffee and tea from here as gifts and they've always been well-received; it's especially nice that I can get whatever grind I'd like.  There's also a smallish selection of gourmet foods, and my husband likes some of the dips. Then again, he likes most dips.  My favorite, favorite thing here, though, is the staff. I always end up stopping here and buying SOMETHING when I'm in the Strip, because they're amazingly friendly and more than willing to help with any questions. When people go on and on about “back in the day, the mom and pop stores really took care of you blah blah fishcakes,” this is the kind of service I imagine.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issuing seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issuance seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
I liked the decor of the place.  When I lived in Pittsburgh 3 years ago, I was just out of college with no money and didn't care what I ate.  So I spent a lot of time eating bar food, pizza, and $1 pierogies.  I never knew there were “fancy” restaurants until I returned this week for work!  I got the salad with pears & gouda which was delicious with a ton of cheese.  I also had the octopus appetizer as a meal - I was surprised, it's much chewier than I expected.  But the vinaigrette on it was tasty and the red potatoes and kalamata olives gave it a lot of flavor.  The fruity sorbet was good as well.    I though the service was great and the waiters didn't laugh at me for not knowing half the words on the menu.  They were more than willing to explain!
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issues seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main matter seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Get the pasta trio, you won't regret it.  Big heaping portions of fresh pasta delivered to your plate as soon as you have space available. Mmm.  And we went on a Saturday night with no reservations and we're seated in 5 minutes.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main question seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the ser vice is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
My girlfriend REALLY hyped this place up but I ended up spending $110 on a terrible meal I couldn't even eat. I ordered the Chicken Marsala (Waitress's favorite) and it was disgusting. The sauce was VERY over powering and it was drenched in it. If that wasn't bad enough the Chicken was cheap dark meat with the skin and the bones on it. I ended up leaving even though our meals included a dessert with the price. Won't be going back here...
The food is good. Unfortunately the servce is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the srevice is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Minimalist happy hour.  Bartenders rude (and it was slow- early in the afternoon). Ran our tab on the card to hold the check without asking if that's what we wanted to do. Chicks in bikinis on the street trying to get people to come in.  Prices too high for strip district beer.  Smelly.  Upstairs looks like it's a club at night.  Rough crowd started to come in as we were leaving.  Good for a quick beer and that's about it.
The food is good. Unfortunately the ѕervice is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the sеrvice is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Mushroom cheesesteak with a Stewart's root beer for lunch today. Freshly made, toasted bun, all good! Friendly service.
The food is good. Unfortunately the seⲅvice is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the serѵice is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The reason for this update is the service.  The hotel itself is still beautiful and the food is above average.  All solid four stars.  I was a bit disappointed initially with some of the pre-arrangements.  In the past I was able to have a complimentary room and the fee waived for the coat check girl.  Friday night because the party was a bit smaller than the last they only discounted the room and charged full fee for coat check/ carving station/ etc.  Now, with that being said the service was over the top 5+++ stars from start to finish.  I get there and am running a bit late. I ask the bellboy Eric how long for a shoe shine, he states its pretty much an overnight service.  I tell him I'm in a rush.  He runs downstairs and shines them himself, done in 30 minutes.  While I'm waiting my contact for the night Ryan Hunt sends up a cheese dish with a bottle of above average wine.  The party goes off without a hitch, great staff, good food, some discounted wines and good premium open bar.  After the hotel party we are walking outside and run into Eric (bellboy) again ask for directions to other club, instead of giving them to us he walks us to the club.  One of the girls wanted cigarettes and instead of directing her to the store.  He ran down and bought them for her and brought them back.  Btw, did I mention he was done working for the night and just did this off the clock.  The next morning I get a ring around 11 am in the hotel room and its the bellboy bringing up aspirin and bottled water from a long night prior.  Everything about this place is three to four stars.  My main pet peeves are the valet cost ($17 and $25 overnight).  There lack of flexibility in food/bev minimums, but the service is over the top great or at least my contacts were over the top great with service.  You can't go wrong in Pittsburgh for an event at this spot.
The food is good. Unfortunately the servіce is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the serviϲe is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Staying in this hotel changed my entire view on the city of Pittsburgh!  The hotel is in an extremely vibrant area and I am not embarrassed to admit that Pittsburgh is pretty damn cool.  The rooms in this hotel are clean and the staff is fantastic.  If you're driving, parking is conveniently located across the street, though the parking garage should come with a set of directions on exactly where to pay when you leave the building (or maybe I'm just more obtuse than the average parker).    The hotel restaurant has pretty good food and the bar is a great place to hang out and have some snacks (the house-made chips are addictive) and enjoy a nice drink.  And if you have the great pleasure of having Sam as your bartender, you're definitely guaranteed good conversation and a few laughs.  Just make sure you bring up Justin Bieber--she really loves that little fella....
The food is good. Unfortunately the servicе is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Great location, Front Desk Staff were very personable. Be prepared to hear fireworks from PNC Park it is right across the river. There is a parking deck across the street with very reasonable rates. My husband and I had a great time here.
The food is good. Unfortunately the services is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the serving is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
My husband and I decided to spend an overnight in Downtown Pittsburgh last minute. We already had dinner reservations and show tickets, we just had to find a hotel room. The Renaissance Hotel is literally next door to the Byham Theatre where we had show tickets. I walked in and there was a wedding on the iconic stairs in the foyer! It was so beautiful with guests not only seated on the lobby space but also in the balconies on the second floor. I came in just as the ceremony was finishing. and when they were pronounced husband and wife, those in the balcony threw flower petals upon the couple. The hotel handled those like myself who were not part of the wedding very professionally so the ceremony would not be disturbed, but still service incoming guests.   Check in was very swift as my husband went to the restaurant to meet our dinner reservation while I checked into the hotel. I was able to take the luggage to the room and return to the restaurant a couple blocks away without even being late. I really liked the makeup mirror since I have to take off my glasses to apply my makeup.  We had dinner and enjoyed our show. We got out of the show and went to the bar for a late night bite and a drink. We got there at 10:45pm and waited and waited. At 11:04, a blonde waitress finally came to our table after delivering food to another table. We asked to see a menu, but was informed that the kitchen had closed at 11pm. We finished the drinks we had ordered, but had to pay the bartender because the waitress had left for the night. The bartender was a gentleman as I had two bills stuck together when I paid him and he found us outside to return the other one. We had to go across the street to another establishment to get something to eat.  Other than the snafu in the bar, all the staff from check in to check out were very nice and professional. The room was very clean and comfortable. As the need comes up, I will probably choose this hotel when I need to stay Downtown again. It is so close to PNC Park across the Clemente Bridge and it is in the heart of the Cultural District, so all the theaters are very close by. It is also close to public transit so you can get anywhere in Pittsburgh from that spot without having to go too far.
The food is good. Unfortunately the serve is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
The food is good. Unfortunately the serves is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
We got this hotel room via Hotwire at a great price.  The location was good, although not close to where we were headed while in town. It was easily accessible to the highway. Parking at the hotel is expensive.  My biggest complaint is that our shower wasn't clean. The walls in the rooms were thin; we could hear our neighbor's dog barking, as well as other people using their showers/bathrooms.  Overall, for what we needed the room for (sleeping after a show), it was fine. But with the thin walls, expensive parking, and the dirty bathroom, i'd never stay at this place again. I've had better experiences in smaller, cheaper hotels.
T he food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Te food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for a long weekend because we both had interviews in the North Shore area, which was a short car ride away. We got a very good rate on Hotwire--otherwise I don't think we would have been able to stay here. Although the hotel was very comfortable and in a good location, we could hear every noise from the hallway and adjacent rooms (including the bathroom). I was sitting up in bed reading, and every time the people next door closed a drawer in their bureau the whole headboard would shake.  Parking was also expensive. We needed to use the car several times during our stay, so we had to valet park, which was over $20/day (plus tips each time we picked up or dropped off the car).  The coffee shop attached to the hotel is just OK. The breakfast/lunch place was not very good. You will probably have to venture a bit to find affordable and good quality food (other than the hotel restaurant, which I can't comment on because we did not eat there given the high prices).  One perk--the hotel does offer free internet, but it is a low bandwidth version. We didn't need the internet for work or anything so it was hard to justify paying for the high speed, so we used the free version. It gets the job done for email and web browsing, but it does not stream videos well.  The bed was comfortable and the shower head was very good. I agree with other reviewers that the amenities were not as nice as I have seen in other Westins--no bathrobe, room service menu not as good, staff not quite as helpful. Also, because it is a green hotel, they will be a little stingy about replenishing your towels and toiletries. If you have a lot of people in your room or for some other reason require extra supplies, be sure to request that. We came back after housekeeping to find that they had given us a half-full bottle of shampoo to replace the one we had used. Not sure if they had just gotten that from someone else's room (gross!) or it had just spilled and they didn't want to waste it. They also failed to replace our in-room coffee and tea supply so we had to call and ask for more.  All in all, we definitely would not pay full price to stay here, but might consider it again if there was another great deal.
Tհe food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Thе food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Really poor service and way overpriced. You could make much better choices.They do not keep to a high standard of service. The rooms are not worth the money.
Du food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
To food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
I had great expectations that were sadly not met. For the price of the room, I was expecting a LOT more for my buck, maybe I was just too optimistic. I will say the whole hotel was clean and didn't have any unsanitary conditions. But it just seemed outdate for the top price paid, it could use a spruce up. Our room was ready before posted check-in time and when we got to the room there were no problems. The wi-fi was free and the tv channel selections were pretty good. I would say this is an average hotel for amenities with a high price tag.  Usually when you pay top tier rates, I usually expect the service staff to be very friendly, didn't get that here, I think I had one of the service staff actually talk to me unsolicited. I would not revisit The Westin Convention Center.  My wife would probably give it 4 star just for the shower head, it was pretty amazing, but when that is the highlight, I don't think there is value here.
De food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Nova food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
I've always loved this hotel. Lovely location right by the river, near enough to the sports venues for a pretty easy walk over the bridges.  Check in was pleasant as I've always experienced here, staff were all very friendly and helpful.  Rooms were clean but could use a bit of updating; finding a convenient outlet to charge my phone was a bit of a challenge.   One odd note, you must use your room key in order to turn the lights on in the room. There is a slot for that purpose just as you enter so, take my advice and get at least 2 room keys.  The restaurant attached to the hotel, a lovely, fine dining establishment called the Old Fishmarket, is slated to close at the end of October, 2014...in it's place is going to be a restaurant called “Bill's Burgers & Grill” I hear it is good, but we shall see next time I stay here.  There is the option of self-parking or valet parking on site at the hotel.
Per food is good. Unfortunately the servicing is very hit or miss. The main isѕue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
[UNK] when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
A friendly place with great seafood.  It is cash only. The clam chowder was meaty and creamy.  The onion rings were crispy and so was the fish. A nice place to see local flair
Even [UNK] we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when [UNK] didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
This place is defiantly a historic site! From the floor to the table tops to the bathrooms! I love learning about the history of how places came about. Mary the bartender gave me lots of info.......oldest bar, 1st one to let women in, same flooring, etc.   The food is frozen so if you're looking for fresh seafood this ain't it! I had one of their famous oysters.  Very good I highly recommend getting only 3 very filling. I had the special crab cakes & 2 sides. Imitation crab & lots of filling. So I don't need to tell you how nasty that was. My house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor.   I did notice-after I ordered-everyone was getting the fish sandwich. So I was like dang! I should've ordered that. My return is questionable. If I go back its only going be for the fish sandwich & oysters!
Even when we [UNK] have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't [UNK] a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
A friend of mine and I thought we would meet for lunch one Wednesday. I'm a fan of Thai food so I thought we would give the Lemon Grass Cafe a try. We arrived a little before noon and were seated promptly. That was the best part of the experience. It took an hour to receive our food. AN HOUR on a busy Wednesday lunch break. There was no sorry, we're working on it ... etc. No explanation at all was given. The food was meh. I've had much better. I would not recommend this place to anyone.   As we were walking out a lady was waiting for her takeout order, which she called ahead about. And it wasn't ready yet and she had been waiting over 20 minutes for it. Terrible terrible customer service.
Even when we didn't have [UNK] car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a [UNK] Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Wow, I'm surprised no one has left a review for this place yet. I've been here quite a number of times and I've never been disappointed. Service is good and the food is wonderful. This is the closest thing to getting Chinese food from D.C.  You definitely have to get the general tso's chicken. I drove all the way to get some food from here during last years horrible winter storm. When you have a craving, you have a craving.
Even when we didn't have a car [UNK] Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's [UNK] was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Great spot for weird or obscure parts, general maintenance items, and to  borrow a wrench or two.  Gerry is like a wise eccentric uncle.   I remember going there for my first time in the early 90's and it hasn't changed in almost 20 years.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement [UNK] worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was [UNK] the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
great pizza from the graziano family.   great subs, tasty sauces, nice crust, lots o beer.  no complaints what-so-ever
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth [UNK] bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the [UNK] trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
The last 3 or so times I've visited, they've been closed 15 minutes early.  On the plus side, I've discovered I look damn good with longer hair.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus [UNK] to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip [UNK] the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I don't care for the lunch buffet because of its limited options (mostly potatoes and beans for vegetarians, sometimes some previously frozen veggie medleys) and lack of spice (for understandable reasons), but for dinner, especially take out, I give Peoples 4 stars.   I usually get either Baingan Bartha or Aloo Gobi, as well as a dal and a plain naan. The dals are confusing because there are three on the menu and they only really have two. I've tried to stop letting that perplex me, but I can never remember the one they don't have and often try to order it. Maybe my take out menu is outdated in that I should cross that one out. Ok, now on to important stuff...I order a spice level of 10 out of 10. The results are dynamite! Instead of using some cheap sauce or hot oil, I can see and taste that they use fresh chillies for added spice. They also use a ton of cilantro and delicious almost caramelized onions in the flavoring of the dishes. Each bite is a mouth explosion. And I love mouth explosions!   This restaurant has it's shortcomings, but since it's the only place in town that has satisfied the lust of my taste buds for hot oral pleasure, I am a big fan.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to [UNK] Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the [UNK]. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I am in town for work and I decided to order food from here. The food was awesome! I ordered the People's Special Biryani and they brought the food right to my hotel room. I will definitely order from here again the next time I'm in town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. [UNK] always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I [UNK] find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
First of all, a disclaimer. The only thing I have ever ordered here is the Pho Tai. I spent a semester in Vietnam eating Pho on an almost-daily basis, and now it is my comfort food, what I want when I am sick, tired, or sad. That said, I can recommend the Pho Tai without hesitation. Out of the 3 Vietnamese restaurants I have been to in Pittsburgh (this, Vietnam's Pho, and My Ngoc), this has the best pho. The broth is quite good; fragrant and savory.  I both eaten in here and gotten take-out. Eating in is a pleasant experience. The dining room is tiny but spotless and bright, and the free pots of tea are a nice touch. The take-out pho is packaged very thoroughly and intelligently. In a plastic tub goes the broth, beef and onions. The noodles are packaged separately in a little plastic bag so they don't get soggy before you have a chance to eat. All the fixings, including copious amounts of basil and bean sprouts, are there, including little tubs of hoisin and chili sauce. Delicious, authentic pho prepared by a friendly family. The only downside is the cash-only, which is a huge PITA.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always [UNK] something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find [UNK] (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
If there were an option to give an extra star for a “special” experience, I would surely do so for Golden Razor. I must confess that I have a really thick beard and my stubble would surely light a match. Well but it did meet its match out here. The shave out here gives me a sense of hope against the injustice of my beard. Also I have been lucky to taste some home made lemoncello from the house of the master himself!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something ([UNK] I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually [UNK] find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I just moved to the area and went here for the first time the other day. Tomaso did a great job! I high recommend this place.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I [UNK] 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find [UNK] things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
If you were to base 7 Cees as a restaurant it definitely will get one star.   However this place is known as a grease spoon dive.  That is exactly what it is and by far the very best dive diner that I have ever been too.           Jeanie is great.  She will be your greeter, your hostess, your waitresses, your personal cook, your bus person, and your cashier.  whew!!!!  Jeanie is not a jeannie in a bottle. She cannot snap her fingers so that your meal magically will appear in front of you.  She is the only person that I have ever seen working in there and you will definitely need time to wait and wait for your food.   Her cooking area is quite small.  Trust me you do not want to question her about where your meal is or how much longer it will take for you to get it.   Jeanie does swear like a sailor, but in a quiet mild manner and NOT like a raging lunatic.  When you come here you will have to except every swear word constantly flowing from her mouth.    Trust me I  hate it with a passion when people swear, but with Jeanie, it is okay.   But with Jeanie, you have to know it is coming and it will be coming in full force.  However while Jeanie will swear like a sailor she greets everybody with a kind and sweet heart.  She will make your order the way you want it.  Beware!!!!!  The portions are huge!!!!!   The coffee is endless. The prices are very reasonable.    So why only four stars when it should really be a five.  Well as I mention Jeanie's swearing like a sailor is part of the 7 Cees experience.  I can deal with hearing damn, mf, shit,  etc.  I cannot stand hearing my best friends name being used in vain or as curse words.  When people say Jesus Christ name or God followed by the d word.... I get upset.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 [UNK] and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things [UNK] spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Tram has great Pho, and enough of it to feed all of Pittsburgh when the next fake Armageddon rolls around.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and [UNK] about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend [UNK] $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I only had Pho so I can't judge the rest of the food, but the Pho was the worst I've ever had. Biggest let down ever, as I drove here once and it was closed and came back excited to get my fill of Pho at what's apparently the best place in Pittsburgh, but  left feeling sad. The broth tasted like water, and amount of beef and noodles you get was pathetic.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $[UNK]) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) [UNK] better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Pittsburgh isnt a city known for its culinary prowess, but there are little gems around town that I can always find myself going back to. Its not about amazing food, its not about cheap food, its about good value, and thats what Trams is. Their spring rolls might not be something to write home about, but the coconut vermicelli is great, and something you are seldom to find elsewhere, in fact, i havent ever had that anywhere else in my american dining experiences. vietnamese coffee is like intense dessert here, and a nice sugary-caffeinated pick me up thats not unwelcomed. Go to trams! get some noodles n'at!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and [UNK] still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better [UNK], I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Tessaros has a full menu, but if you go there you need, no you must order a burger.   They have the very best restaurant burgers I have ever eaten.   Not greasy, great taste, and they grill them right there in the bar.  Don't miss out on the best burger of your life.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, [UNK] am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I [UNK] always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
In theory, Tessaro's is exactly what you want -- a casual neighborhood joint in a great location with an acclaimed product. In practice, it's not very pleasant to go there. I don't think they want us there. Every interaction seems designed to make people feel awkward.  The burger itself  -- the actual cooked meat -- is indeed good, but they have no interest in all the other stuff that turns cooked meat into a hamburger experience.  The buns are poor quality; they absorb juices and toppings so they get sloppy and disgusting after a few bites. The burger just falls apart in your hands (or onto your lap). You have to finish it with a fork.    They don't serve French fries, and they seem affronted when you ask for some.  This is a bizarre, given that everything else about the place screams “we have fries here!” Why withhold fries from customers who surely have been asking for them every day for years? This hints at either a weird purist dogmatic sensibility, or deliberate sabotage.  Why not serve fries *and* homefries?  Are they afraid the fries will win, exposing the hollow sham that the homefries have been all along?  I've come to believe that everyone at Tessaro's is under a spell where they must cook and serve excellent hamburgers, but they hate cooking and serving hamburgers. Everything about the restaurant that is not an actual meat patty is cleverly designed to keep you away. But you  keep going back.   Have some pity for the poor cursed Tessaro workers, and just go up the street to BRGR, or downtown to Winghart's.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am [UNK] still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always [UNK] wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Loved this place.  Wasn't sure what to expect.  My cousin told me that they had the best burger in Pittsburgh.  Well, Ria, you were right!   Done to perfection, exactly the way I asked for it.  Not only was the burger great, the potato salad with came with it was just wonderful.  I think  Tessaro's will be on our list of go to places from now on!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still [UNK] the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing [UNK] clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I just don't understand the appeal.  I've tried this place twice thinking that I somehow had a “lemon” of a burger the first time.  And then returned a few months later.  Nope.  The smoked flavor is okay and the meat seems fresh, but where the hell is the flavor?  I can go as far as saying that I don't believe that they even season the burger with salt and pepper.  If I closed my eyes, it is possible that I wouldn't even know that it was a hamburger.  That is embarrassing.  Maybe if you're used to eating 99 cent burgers, Sysco “meat,” or at chain restaurants, then you would find this to be “amazing.”  I've had some of the best burgers at many cities in the US and this is an embarrassment to Pittsburgh.  Go to BRGR if you want a tasty burger near Bloomfield.  On the other end of the spectrum were the sides. The sides were classics, but definitely above average, especially the home fries.  I would consider a 1 star rating if it weren't for them.  Additionally, the place is overly crowded and had a long wait during the weekend. The decor is old school and seems satisfied in it's current state.  Just like the food itself.  File this one under Legacy restaurant still living on it's past accolades.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the [UNK] and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes [UNK] shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Tessaro's, I kept hearing, was the best burger joint in the burgh. The award, in my opinion, is still up in the air. I have quite a few more places to check out!  A huge plus to Tessaro's for their kitchen! Wow is that thing small. And the two guys working were rolling the burger patties right through the window. AHHH MAZING! I also heard Tessaro's butchers their own meat on site. I love hearing this.   Tessaro's is definitely worth checking out. The lunch crowd gets a bit tight as their tables are close. Perhaps try a bit before or after the average lunch hour. Oh, and they aren't open on Sundays so steer clear of that day.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and [UNK] 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes [UNK] months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
A ton of people told me to try this place, so I went.  It's very different than most restaurants. The place is old school, but so friendly. My pal and I had a great time! We got burgers of course. We are used to bold flavors and crazy combinations; but you will not find any of that here. They are simple burgers that have amazing taste. I repeat, do not have your hopes up for something that will dazzle you, but the quality is great. The meat was awesome, cooked to perfection. There was nothing gross about the meat, no crunchy or fatty bites.   Get the home fries.... Old school Heinz bottles where you have to hit the 57.   This place is worth trying. It seemed like a type of clientele that have been going there for years. Time for the younger hipsters to revive it?  Try it.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 [UNK] later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months [UNK].   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I have really good food here in the past (try eggplant rolatini) and the local bread is fantastic. Tonight, however, was just awful. Linguini Alfredo was supposed to be “homemade” but it was a far cry from the simple butter/cream/parmesan classic recipe. It was way too thick and absolutely tasteless. Also, my diet coke tasted funny and lack carbonation. My nephew ordered a grilled cheese and I thought they would use the local Sancholi bread, but no. ;(. It tasted like that yellow spray they use on grills. The waitress didn't take the coke off of the bill until I asked. I think of this restaurant as a staple in the neighborhood. I hope that my experience tonight isn't repeated.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.  [UNK] I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   [UNK] kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Free wing Fridays... oh yeah.  I don't even like wings usually, but Silky's knows how to cook 'em so they don't taste fatty.  Get a side of Atomic sauce, which is flavorful as well as hot.  I'd buy it by the bottle if I could.  The menu is huge, and everything I've had has been good.  I always get the home fries on the side, which are cooked with onions and fried jalapenos (!).  Great waitresses, too.  Would be five stars if it had decent air conditioning--in the summer, sitting inside is painful.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I [UNK] of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind [UNK] suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Comfortable, friendly, affordable.  Nice stop before an evening out.  I need to head there primetime to assess the evening vibe.  Will be back.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of [UNK] this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect [UNK] is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
This place is the real stuff. Just moved from portland OR. and its the only place that reminds me of home. Great food, great drinks, and great peeps. If you really wont to experience Bloomfield to its fullest, two words.......Sunday Funday. Check it out and you wont be disappointed. #gopitt
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this [UNK] the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is [UNK] best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
the waitresses are salty. the food is mediocre (at best). the place is a total dump.  however, it's open late, and the cook with the mustache is rad.  also, you meet the funniest people ever there.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the [UNK] shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best [UNK] in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Disappointing.  The food was below average and the service was ok.  We were expecting a lot from this restaurant but it definitely did not deliver.  Pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best.  Wine selection is very weak.  The outdoor seating is a redeeming quality.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping [UNK] Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in [UNK]; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I haven't found Thai food that blew me away in Pittsburgh, but the waiter here was incredibly friendly, and my mock duck dish was solidly tasty.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; [UNK] much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's [UNK] better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I surmised two things from my visit to Thai Cuisine:  a) the competition among thai restaurants must not be very stiff in this town  b) yinzers wouldn't know good thai food if it flew into their open mouths  This place was horrible. My fried trout was just a battered butterflied fish not much different from what you'd find at a church fish-fry. Insipid, over-battered and generally unpleasant. My dining partner's masaman curry was so sickly sweet it tasted like melted coconut ice cream. Surprisingly, the joint was slammed.   On the bright side, service was very fast. On the downside, our waitress was definitely stressed out and cranky possibly from waiting on the 14-top of inebriated co-eds across the room from us.  The takeaway: If you're from Pittsburgh, you'll probably love this place -- it was packed with your kinsmen when I was there. But if you've enjoyed quality thai food in any large coastal metropolis, steer clear.  p.s. food was needlessly pricey given the poor quality.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much [UNK] than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better [UNK] the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
A year later, prices have increased 70% and the quality of food have declined. Customer service is still superb though. Today, I ordered a pad-see-yew with beef level 5 - was made in an old pan with burnt scraps, 25% beef in dish only, there were clumps of chili not blended in the dish, and was drenched in oil. Another dish, red curry with chicken, was always lacking chicken pieces, they've increased prices and cut back on portions and quality, which happens quite often to good restaurants gone bad. Sad to say, this used to be my favorite place, but now we will never return and we are currently looking for another Thai place to be our go-to.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than [UNK] usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the [UNK] department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
If you get nothing else here, get the tom kha soup. It is seriously the best I've ever had anywhere. I'm not trying to be hyperbolic. But this tom kha soup is the standard for which I compare all other tom kha soups. I've yet to find its match. It is truly delicious. I usually get the veggie variation (loaded up with silky smooth tofu and tons of veggies!) but any variation is just as wonderful.   I just returned home from a trip to Thai Cuisine with some friends. The environment is comforting and warm. I love the lights strewn along the windows! They just add to the coziness of the place. After getting the obligatory veggie tom kha soup, I got the green curry with shrimp. Others in my party got the yellow curry and the panang curry and everyone was pleased with their choices. The green curry was a perfect balance of sweet and spicy and the veggies were nice and crisp.  They were featuring their mango and sticky rice dessert. I had a bite of my friend's and I was sad that I was too full to have a dessert of my own!   As we rolled out of our booth, totally stuffed and satisfied, we all proclaimed that this was the best decision we could have made with our night. Definitely one of the best Thai restaurants in the city!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual [UNK] stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department [UNK], better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
This place never fails! Curry is amazing. I always get the red bean curry. The service is always fast and courteous. Perfect to sit in and done or to-go. Its BYOB so feel free to bring a beer or wine bottle.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, [UNK] than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better [UNK] Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Cute place... I went here after a kickball game with some of my team members.  The staff were fantastic.  I called to make a reservation and they were very nice.  They also called back to make sure it was ok for us to sit in the bar.    Upon arrival the bartender was very pleasant.  She showed me to the table which was marked reserved.    She took drink orders then food orders.  My guests said the food was good but I didn't have anything.  There are TVs all around the bar and some games to play as well.  This is a little gem in the South Hills!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than [UNK] and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's [UNK] TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Went to Getaway last night for famous fajitas. Not so famous anymore... Waitress brought steaming hot plate after very long wait, she forgot the taco shells, when she finally got back , she brought pita bread instead, I corrected her she appologized and fixed it. The cooked meat was bland , no seasoning, like they used to have.wifes steak was overbooked and dry.were looking for a new place now.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and [UNK] Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ [UNK] and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I really don't understand the hype of this place. To be honest, had the personal recommendations from friends not made this place seem like the biggest deal in the city, then I would have probably rated it a 3 or 4. The pizza was just OK. It was decently greasy and the crust wasn't all that special. They wouldn't deliver (Even though I am literally a few blocks from them) and they don't accept credit / debit card - a huge downfall for me.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx [UNK] better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and [UNK] than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I have tasted the best pizza in the US, Pepe's New Haven, CT and I have tasted a whole bunch of bad pizza and a whole bunch in the middle.  I am coming to the conclusion that pizza is a very personal thing to people who love it like I do.  After years of people telling me to go here, we finally stopped on our way home from my son's hockey game at noon on Saturday.  Service was okay after we asked the people sitting next to us what we needed to do.  No one spoke up to tell us to come to the counter and order.  But after we figured it out everything was good.  We ordered a large pie, 1/2 cheese and 1/2 cheese and sausage.  The crust is very good and some of the best tasting I have had in some time.  It actually had a taste to it not just a bread taste.  After that, everything else is what I consider the personal taste part.  The sauce was to sweet and the cheese was not right to me.  I don't know if they used provolone I should have asked but it gave the pizza a funny taste to me.  I won't be going back, just because my personal taste.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better [UNK] the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than [UNK] Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
THIS is an old-school pizza shop!  I'm sure that many of the foodie-types who frequent Yelp are going to dismiss this place, but having heard so much about it from my local pizza-loving friends about the pie at Fiori's, I finally decided to stop and order a couple of pizzas to go while I was in the neighborhood.  The sauce definitely isn't for everyone - it's a departure from the typical corporate pizza crap that everyone has gotten used to.  But the sauce is INTERESTING, and the crust is PERFECT.  A little too much flour used when it was flown, but I'm guessing that's because the place was doing such a high volume of business.  The pepperoni reminds me of the old Mineo's pizza, small slices that curl up and produce little grease pools.  WOW, now that's the pepperoni I love, and definitely not the pepperoni you'll find at Papa John's, or Vocelli's, or Domino's, or Little Caesar's, or Pizza Hut.  This is the PIZZA of your youth - the pizza you remember your dad bringing home, complete with the relic-style pizza box.  It's not in my neighborhood, and I'm lucky enough to live close to Luciano's, but if I'm hungry and in the vicinity of Fiore's any time soon, I won't hesitate to grab a couple more pies - maybe one for dinner and one for breakfast!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the [UNK] downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks [UNK], even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
My favorite pizza in the city. Hoagies are also pretty good but the pizza takes the spotlight. One of the best places to shoot pool in the south hills next door, what more do you need?
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, [UNK] when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even [UNK] it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I stopped at Rohrich Toyota to look at their selection of used vehicles. I was quickly greeted by Paul - who was great! I test drove a Honda Element, which was clean and comfortable to drive, but the brakes on this one needed work - very slow response to stop. Then I looked at a Rav4. The first thing I noticed was dog hair on the interior surfaces. I'm surprised that seemingly simple things like brakes and cleanliness would not have been checked and fixed before putting the vehicles on the lot; my confidence was not inspired. I did like the drive course they used because it included big hills and bumps (sure, try to find a loop in PGH that doesn't!). And Paul was easy going and respectful of my search criteria.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when [UNK] has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it [UNK] a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
First, their clothing is arranged by color, not by size. While thrift stores may think this looks great, it's not great for people shopping for one size.  Also, their prices were outrageous. Many of the items I liked I could have bought new for a little bit more. The upscale prices did not match the dingy and dirty store. We won't be back to this one.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has [UNK] sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a [UNK]. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Stopped by last week.  Store was going to close for a couple of weeks for remodel and I think a cafe will be put in the front.    The pita bread is made fresh daily as are many of the other prepared foods.  You can watch the pita being made thru the window in the bakery.  The pita is wonderful and you can pick up so many delicious Mediterranean food items to take home.  Olive oil, olives, cheeses, Hoummus Dip, Baba Ghannouj, deserts, Halva, Specialty Pita Pies.    Good food and friendly service.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. [UNK], bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, [UNK] AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Currently sitting in the restaurant. Got seated very quickly, around 7:10pm. For the first time ever, the restaurant actually had more than myself and my fianc\u00e9 in it. We sat until 7:30 without so much as a “Hello” from a nearby server. People were sat after us and have already received food. We finally had to go up to the front to tell the hostess we had not been addressed. She then came and took our orders herself and finally just filled our water glasses. I've never received great service here, but it's never been this subpar either. This may be the last straw for this place. Three strikes and you're out, Mark-Pi.  P.S. I ordered a Diet Coke, and received a glass of what seems to be Robitussin. That, or there's alcohol in this drink. Either case, I'm not thrilled.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains [UNK] quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND [UNK].  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
So just finished my meal with my family here and I will not go back! The waitress who I don't know her name because it was never shared was polite and efficient. The only redeeming quality I found in the meal was my 2 glasses of wine! Not that the food was bad it just wasn't good! I ordered Moo Shoo Pork with 4 “Chinese” pancakes. Once it arrived I was looking forward to it as the main dish looked appetizing. Then I opened my “Chinese” pancakes... OMG they served me steamed tortillas! I was expecting the crepe style Chinese pancakes and instead I had flour tortillas steamed!!! Growing up and just having moved to Pittsburgh from the West Coast I KNOW a tortilla when I'm served one and it wasn't even handmade freshly cooked tortillas that you get at a chain joint like Chevy's but pull em out of the bag from Giant Eagle tortilla! This not only killed the meal but when the $100.00+ tab came I was aghast! My wife and two kiddos had decent meals but just because you serve large portions doesn't mean you're serving 100 dollars worth of food! I felts cheated by high prices for mediocre chinese (notice the little C) food from a place that used to be rated as  great Chinese restaurant but that was back in 1996 as the plaques on the wall gleefully point out; but only seem to notice on your way out!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality. [UNK] I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  [UNK] like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I ate here this past Saturday night for dinner with three other dining companions.  We arrived at around 7 PM and were quoted for a 35 minute wait upon which the hostess suggested that we go to the wine bar in the back.  The wine bar is not exactly in the same building but is a few feet out of the back door of Il Pizzaiolo.  The wine bar was bursting at its seams for the first five minutes that we were there we could not move much past the door.  Eventually the crowd quieted down and I was able to see a beautiful bar, a fireplace with chairs, bookcases full of books on wine and Italy and some trendy paintings.  After about an hour wait we were finally seated in the main dining room.  The main dining dining room was nothing special in my opinion as there was nothing that I can remember that really stuck out.  Our waiter came to our table quickly and our group ordered the Arancini since we were hungry.  It came out six balls to the plate on a bed of marinara sauce and tasted pretty good.  For dinner I was having a hard time deciding on whether I should have a handmade pasta or the pizza and eventually decided to get both.  My pasta entree was the Paglia E Fieno which consisted of handmade tagliatelle with prosciutto in a cream sauce.  The tagliatelle was made with either spinach or eggs and the alternating green and beige color combined with the color of the meat gave a nice visual presentation to the backdrop of the cream sauce.  It also tasted wonderful and none was left on my plate whenever I was done.  My pizza was the Diavola since I like spicy things and consisted of spicy salami, chile pepper, basil and different cheese.  Once again the colors were nice and I absolutely loved the pizza, especially some of the pieces where I got what seemed to be larger than normal gobs of cheese.  My dining companions all also complimented their meals and we were more than happy with the service.  The bottom line for me is that I would definitely come back here in the future.  The food was fantastic and not as expensive as I had expected while the service was good.  I would recommend that you either get their earlier or later on the weekend though to avoid the large crowd that we ran into.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I [UNK] this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like [UNK] Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
This place has the best pizza I've ever had besides Keste and Paulie Gs in NYC.  Wood fired greatness.  Expect to wait on weekends in a crowded wine bar.  FANTASTIC red sauce and olive oil.  Not extensive on the wine list but good by the glass selection. A gem in Pittsburgh.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this [UNK] better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's [UNK] than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Rating is based largely on the snottiness of the staff.  We weren't sure if children or non-locals were not appreciated.  We walked into a virtually empty restaurant at 6 on a Monday; got the once over; and the hostess said “i hope you have a reservation.  We have a big crowd at 6:30. You can wait for 45 minutes at the wine bar.” We walked outside and easily booked a reservation on Open Table for 6:15, so we walked back in and were seated right away.    Food was ok--puttanesca tasted like yellow mustard but caprese was awesome.  We repeatedly got dirty looks from the staff throughout our meal though.  I should mention that when we arrived a family with small children were leaving after finishing their meal and they had a stock-pile of high chairs in plain view, so it was not unreasonable to bring our well-behaved girls (6 and 2 yrs old).  By 6:30, there were still a number of empty tables.  If you're not from Pittsburgh, there attending college or joining your college-aged child or have small children, I would avoid this place.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better [UNK] Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than [UNK] Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I'm not sure what the Mt.Lebo hype is about this place. The portions are small, the place is small, and the foods no more than average. I have been there twice now, thinking the first time might have been a fluke. We've heard so much about it that I have super high expectations. Their wine bar in the back is cute, but small. We couldn't even lift our elbows to sip our drink. While the waiters and service are good, the food is just not impressive. The pasta I got was good, but nothing to write home about. I got a pizza the second time I visited and it had a horrid taste. I don't know if it was the spinach or the cheese but something was VERY potent. They're pricy as well. The only thing I will give them credit for their Italian wedding soup. There's practically nothing in it, as they use think rice instead of noodles, but the broth and meatballs are to die for! Overall, not impressed. I probably won't return.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel [UNK], which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, [UNK] are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Just way to expensive for what it is. It's good but not at the prices they choose. $9 for wedding soup? It was good, but not at that price and if I would've been told it was that much (was a special) I would've passed. Service was fine, but not attentive and slow, as well. Just so many other good Italian places in the area for half the price. Eggplant parm was enjoyable.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which [UNK] harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are [UNK] to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I think this restaurant fits american taste. Because i was the only non american to eat here just now, even though the seats are fully occupied It doesnt taste like an actual japanese cuisine, it is very chinese. And i can smell chinese food right after a few second entering the restaurant. The sushi is not even firmly made  I am not saying the food is bad, it is actually alright   But they have a great interior and place
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder [UNK] get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to [UNK] to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I came here craving some sushi.  Looked up the best reviewed sushi place in my area and found this little restaurant.  I was excited at the front because it was a small restaurant and I love supporting small mom and pops.    I figured this may be a little diamond in the rough.  Man, was I wrong.  The sushi was not fresh.  The sushi wasn't rolled tight either.  The rice didn't have the trademark sushi rice flavor.   Spoiled by the fresh ingredients and catches of California, I felt like the ingredients were sort of old.  Considering I went in on a Saturday, I figured it might be better but it wasn't at all.  The service was good.  That's the justification for the 2 stars.  Otherwise, I really wouldn't recommend this place to other people.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get [UNK]. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. [UNK] Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Some good some bad.  This goes for the food and the service.  You MUST check your order if it's to go in any of the locations.  I have had more mistakes than correct orders in the last year or so.    The “presses” are MICROWAVES.  They are not training their employees to know this and they are not making it public.  I had an employee actually argue about it with me this morning because I wanted them to toast my bagel and assemble the egg and cheese without nuking it.  I got to my car and they had forgotten the cheese.  I went back and the cook told me that the counter person didn't know if I wanted it!  I think someone should have double checked if this was the case as the sandwich comes with cheese to begin with.  Even Burger King doesn't microwave their breakfast!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel [UNK] are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers [UNK] a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
This should say it all: we found a dress we loved, it was in our price range, but...we didn't return because of the customer service  I suppose we could have gotten over it to get the dress, but we just didn't want that negative experience to taint our wedding. It was all going so well too. The people helping us were very down to earth, very accommodating and helpful, patient, and knowledgeable. But when we told them that we weren't ready to buy the dress, it was like Jekyll and Hyde and we were given attitude and a cold shoulder. We're talking passive-aggressive teenager-like behavior. Let me be clear - we didn't say no, we didn't say we were going to go somewhere else - all we said was that we weren't ready. In all likelihood we were going to be back in a couple weeks and buy, and just wanted to think about it one more time. It's a purchase that costs thousands of dollars; shouldn't you as the bride be able to take your time?  Anne Gregory is probably the only shop in town worth going to for higher-end, couture dresses. But we've been to nice boutiques across the country and this was the only one that gave us the huffy attitude you historically associate with those types of places. Disappointing.  A few practical notes: - They don't allow pictures. Some shops do, some shops don't. - I think there's a private lot but if you end up parking in the strip mall parking lot next door or on the street, the spaces are metered so bring your quarters. - always judge for yourself...to get a sense of their collection you can go to their facebook page and see what dresses they've actually sold. take care not to confuse the posts they make of other wedding dresses and pictures of dresses by actual customers.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are [UNK] real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a [UNK] discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
The staff and the craft brew selection is great. With games, dart boards and a pool table, the KP is a great local hangout.   Linda
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real [UNK] shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount [UNK] challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Boring pretentious mall with old dated stores
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's [UNK] and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge [UNK] I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Racist mall management team same team that ran century 3 mall in to the ground stay away nothing good comes out this place
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and [UNK] afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm [UNK] I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Worst experience with a hairdresser ever, at this location. Made an appointment with Diane for a body wave. When I was sort of greeted by her she looked at my hair and said “You get body waves?” Yeah, that's why I booked one at your salon. Then she argued with me about when to trim, I wanted after she wanted before, and after five minutes acknowledged that it didn't matter, but FIRST telling me the perm “wouldn't soak in” on the ends unless she trimmed it. Then she argued with me about the rods. It's taken me over ten years to figure out with Aveda perm hairstylists what the perfect combo is. Diane knew better, but finally agreed. Then she proceeded to comb my wet hair, from the forehead back, scratching my scalp and jerking my head. That wasn't enough, though. She then started rolling it with the rods she thought I should have.  I got up and left. When I addressed the problem at the front, NO EFFORT WAS MADE TO HELP me other than to offer coming back and talking to the owner. Yeah. Right. THAT'S gonna happen. Horrible salon...dirty, also, just as a side note.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid [UNK] didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I [UNK] live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Great products and Katie has been the best!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't [UNK] in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live [UNK] Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Internet Connection  = $60  Wi-Fi router = $120  Daily internet pass = $4.95  Losing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless.  $4.95 for a day pass or $29.95 for a monthly pass is just ridiculous, especially when the place is so computer friendly with lots of a/c plugs for laptop users.  If you are going to just have coffee then miss I's review is right on the spot, but if you are going to work or study and need access to the internet then go somewhere else.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in [UNK] long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh [UNK] enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
They're a great local alternative to Starbucks, and they make kickass drinks! I've had mochas here, hot and cold, and chai tea lattes here, hot and cold. All were delicious, about the same price as you would find at Starbucks, but they have those cute little stickers for decorating your cup and I'm all about the stickers. They're usually seasonally themed and are always adorable. It's the little things, people.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long [UNK] to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough [UNK] develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I was walking around and decided to try this place out. I asked for a recommendation on a type of ground coffee to take home. The ladies where very helpful and knowledgable. I love the coffee. Thank you.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to [UNK] the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop [UNK] necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Great place to study considering I've spent entire afternoons and evenings there cramming for exams. The staff is really friendly and if you get a ceramic mug refills for coffee are free!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the [UNK] skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary [UNK] . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I don't normally come to this laundromat, but the machines in my apartment had been broken for a week and I was getting desparate.  Although parking can be a bit of a pain, I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  There are plenty of washers and dryers to choose from (from regular sized to freakin' 50 pound capacity) and they all seemed to be working great.  It's air-conditioned and clean with vending machines and some old arcade games to spend some more of your quarters on.  My sister and I did four loads of laundry and it cost us about 2.75 per load.  Oh yeah, and they have a change machine that apparently takes 20, 10, 5 and 1 dollar bills.  If I am ever in a pinch again, I will be coming here.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . [UNK] was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's [UNK] still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Ick.  Stay away unless you want to be treated like you are a criminal who cannot afford a pricey item.  I wanted to try on a $400 fur...and the guy said it was very expensive and would hand carry it to the front mirror for me.  He then advised me to take off my vest and waited for me to do so.  He would not let me handle the coat myself because it was “very expensive.”  He watched me while I tried it on and then immediately took it off me.  I wanted to tell him that $400 wasn't pricey for a winter coat and that I could easily afford it, but decided to walk out without purchasing it.  I won't be back.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was [UNK] up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still [UNK] and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I hate to put two stars, but.. I have experienced better. Especially for the price. This was my first visit, and, frankly, it made me want to go back for the bar but not the restaurant.  There were definitely good points. The service was great, and I enjoyed the cocktail that I ordered off the menu. Also, they had a couple of lesser-known cocktail classics that made me think the bartending staff know their thing. The wine by the glass menu had nice choices, too.  Unfortunately, the food was mixed. I had the pork dumplings for an appetizer. The combination of flavors in the filling, dip and wrapper was very good, but the wrapper was unusually thick and distractingly chewy, even gummy (as in, it stuck to my teeth and the roof of my mouth gummy). The server said they'd just started making their wrappers in-house, and I think they need some work.  I had the chicken ramen soup for a main course. It just wasn't very good. I didn't expect it to be up to Vancouver BC standards (that city seems to have a thing for ramen), but the noodles were a bit tough, and a whole lot of the flavor came from salt. This includes the broth and the chicken. I didn't really want to eat it; I just tried the leftovers, and I don't really want to eat them either.  If the food were at 2/3 to 3/4 of the price I'd give it three stars. As it is, I wish I'd gone somewhere else. Clearly, other people love the place. Maybe I'll give it another chance, if I'm with friends who want to go.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up [UNK] running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and [UNK] in June 2007 when I left town.
pretty good food, fantastic atmosphere, slightly overpriced, but not unreasonable for the quality and atmosphere
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running [UNK] June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in [UNK] 2007 when I left town.
Hands down the most disrespectful and terrible lounge in pittsburgh. Appalling  service, I went there with 6 people, restaurant was empty and sat there for twenty minutes with staff walking by. The lounge was empty, was there from 8-11 she didn't check on us once, we had to flag her down , complained to the manager with no response. NYC prices as well, very embarrassed for the big burrito company.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June [UNK] when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 [UNK] I left town.
This is a better than average- let's say very solid-  sushi restaurant.    We had the omakase and had some delicious bite sized courses.  But strangely the little bites never added up to feeling super full (which could be a good thing, but devouring a chocolate pretzel dessert isn't really the perfect end to omakase).    The miso black cod was excellent, the sashimi was well executed, and clearly the chef had many, many years of traditional sushi training.  But for some reason my socks just weren't blown off.  More sushi and sashimi could have done the trick.  On the other hand the desserts were delicious and memorable (which come from the restaurant downstairs- Soba).  Great atmosphere, attentive service and will def. go back.  At the same time, I'm open to finding alternatives in Pittsburgh (too optimistic?)  And Dr. Freddie Fu is a fan (see autographed picture on sushi bar).  Not sure what this means, but maybe if I return I will be further enlightened.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when [UNK] left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I [UNK] town.
Umi is alright.  What I mean by this is that the food is high quality, and the service is high quality, but for some reason, I'm never completely satisfied when I leave.  Let's start with the good:  They have great quality sushi.  They have interesting taste combinations.  The decor is fun, especially if you sit in the “traditional” seating area where you don't actually sit on the floor (if you can ever manage to get in and out of this seating in a graceful manner, kudos to you).    But, the portions are small, and every time we've eaten here, we come away with the sense of, “great meal, but holy moly.  Dunno if it was $XXX good.”  We'll continue to come, but probably only if someone else is paying.  In the meantime, it's off to Tamari we go.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left [UNK].
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I 'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Harris Grill was long one of my favorite spots to goto just about any night of the week.  However it's changed in recent months and I don't think I will return.  On a recent Thursday night, my friend and I had possibly the worst waitress ever.  Her name was Amanda and this is my story about her as our waitress.  She was not present for about 15 minutes after we were sat.  She finally appeared and asked us for our drink order. She disappeared for about 10 minutes before returning.  She served us our drinks then immediately left for another table. It was another 5 to 10 minutes before she came by again, this time taking our order for food.  She return 5 minutes later with another round of drinks which we don't remember ordering, but we weren't going to complain. We never saw her the rest of the night.  Other waitresses were making their rounds every 5 minutes out on the patio, but ours never appeared once.  I thought she may have died in back in the kitchen or was burned beyond recognition.  I even asked one of the other waitresses out of concern for her safety if she was okay.  She said they would check.  She returned not long after and said she was alright.  I relaxed a little, until another 15 minutes went by... it was now about 30 minutes since we had ordered and no food.  We waited a bit longer, we still hadn't seen Amanda (our waitress for those paying attention).  An hour went by and we had had enough. I really couldn't believe this.  Not only did we not have our food, but we hadn't seen our waitress in an hour.  An hour.  What the hell?
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I`m afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
No complaints about this place. I tend to gravitate towards this place mid afternoon with my laptop...love the vibe here. Outdoor patio or, NICE window seating upstairs. Creative menu as well. Check it out!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'ｍ afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3 -4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
We went to Harris Grill for lunch while a friend was visiting from out of town-and it was fun! The menu and atmosphere is pretty entertaining. The food and drinks are moderately priced, and there is a nice selection of brews.  What we had:  Turkey Burger-fabulous-we agreed this was the best thing we had ( I added mozzarella cheese and it was soooo good)  Flat Iron Pork-I guess our friend thought he was ordering flat iron steak-this was ok but I wouldn't get it again.  Some Spicy Chicken sandwich-Pretty good-paled in comparison to the turkey burger  Tots-Delicious  Beer-good! (duh)  Other: Service-Fab!  2 Patios-front and back
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 34 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find Ʒ-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Overall a decent yet confusing experience... Pros: it's like living in an apt. because it's spacious and has a kitchen and laundry room downstairs. There's even free laundry soap available in the laundry room. It's located next to a lot of restaurants and shops. Some of the staff has been friendly in providing things, including shuttle rides. Cons: Extremely inconsistent room cleaning service! If you're staying for an extended period of time, they only clean your room once a week on an assigned day. The problem is, they don't show on the assigned day to clean. My roommate and I have ended up calling the office, sometimes twice before it's cleaned. Also, someone in our  building had $1,900 stolen out of her drawer, and the management told her not to call the cops. They ended up cutting her check, but not before a lot of stern talk. I wouldn't stay here again...if you do, make sure that you use the safe provided in the room, and expect to do a lot of the maid services yourself.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3˗4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Since my return to Pittsburgh, I have been to the “new” Elbow Room several times. The food has always been decent and the location on Walnut is convenient when I'm in the neighborhood shopping.    Today I went for a late lunch.  Honestly, there were 5 people in the restaurant.  It took forever for food to arrive at our table.  Could it be attributed to the fact that I was eating somewhere between lunch and dinner and they aren't sufficiently staffed?  I don't know.  My beloved was happy as always with his ENORMOUS fish sandwich.  My reuben sandwich was just okay.  The corned beef was pretty chewy.  Probably should have gotten a salad.    I'm hoping that I just caught them on a bad afternoon.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, ev en when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, evn when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I don't know how this place has stayed in business for so long.  It has never appealed to me, yet some family member drags me there every five years or so.  It never changes. It seems like an independently owned Chili's.  The menu is boring.  The food nothing special.    Most recently, I ordered a salad and asked for some rolls or bread and they didn't have anything except for some super spongy Italian sliced bread that tasted like a step up from wonder bread.  My beet salad had such crunch beets they were barely cooked.  Grapefruit segments were all membrane.  Lettuce was ice cold, nearly frozen.    See you in another five years.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, eevn when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, еven when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I got a groupon for Dean of Shadyside for hairline highlights, deep conditioning masque, and a hair cut for $35.  I had never been, but I gave it a try.  The groupon was for a level 1 stylist, and I had Erika.  She was pretty great!  I've never had highlights before, and she helped me figure out what would look good.  My highlights look great, the cut looks great, she did exactly what I wanted her to do!  I never make hair appointments far in advance, but I pre-booked my next appointment!!!  I would highly recommend this place, and I recommend Erika as well!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, eѵen when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, evеn when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Let me start by saying I was given a coupon for a free haircut and mani.  You have to really let me down with free to get a two-star review.  THE HAIRCUT.  Let's put it this way--after I went home and re-washed and re-styled it, I was really happy with it.  I really liked the girl I had.  I thought that she cut it just how I wanted.  But then she asked if I wanted her to straighten it, and I said no thanks because I have wavy hair that's pretty easy to make fancy (read: easy as in I don't use products or heat almost ever, thanks) even though it's quite long.  Somehow, she made my wash 'n wear waves into a frizzy stuff hot mess with some combination of gels and spray.  Then, she told me she was going to dry my hair to 90% dry before sending me to the mani and then check on me later.  Okayyyyyy.  Overall, haircut & style = 3 stars.  THE MANI This mani brought down the average rating of my visit as I'd give it one star.  I haven't gotten a lot of manis--maybe a half dozen times for fancy events--but I know a bad one.  It was freaking dirty at the mani station where a different girl did my nails.  The towel the girl put out had large brown stains on it!  Seriously, get some bleach.  Then I figured out what the stains were...the girl made me bleed on two fingers while cutting my cuticles.  One bled quite a bit.  But she just pretended like it wasn't happening and continued to chatter on about Black Friday shopping and her plan to score big.  Had the mani station not been in the very back of the salon, I would have ran away when--this is true--she got up to use the restroom in the middle of mani.  Um, I usually do my own nails, but I'm guessing this isn't normal.  As if she were aiming for the worst mani ever, the polish wasn't even within the lines at all.  Then, she had me sit around in a weird corner while my nails cured and said she's get the stylist.  Mani = 1 star.  The stylist didn't come back after a couple minutes.  When I asked the receptionist where the stylist was, she didn't know.  I just wanted to get out of there.  So I took off the smock and left with wet hair and nails.  I was pretty bummed since I had specifically scheduled the appointment on that particular afternoon because I had a big event that evening.  I actually felt like a sucker tipping at more than 20% for these services.  But I had put the tips in the little envelopes before I got my nails done and I didn't want to wait for them to dry to decrease the tip.  So I tipped and left.  Summary: Free isn't great when you have to go home and immediately wash your hair and remove the nail polish.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, eveո when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, yet when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Went to a High Tea here on Sunday.  Although the setting was lovely and the staff was welcoming, the food was nothing special, in fact, it was bad.  We were served three tea sandwiches:  egg salad, which was bland (I make a better version at home), chicken salad, nothing special either, and then a delicious spinach-artichoke bite.  Unfortunately, it was the size of a quarter, it was literally a bite.  But it was the best part of the meal!!!  (I don't think the size of all three of the sandwiches put together was as big as one piece of white bread).  We were offered two types of scones:  cranberry and eggnog.   Neither was anything special, eggnog had absolutely no taste whatsoever!  Then, the pastries:  we were served a gingerbread cupcake which was fine--nothing like Vanilla Pastry Shop!  A pumpkin torte, again, fine.  And a chocolate mousse/brownie bite with a raspberry and candy cane on top--it was dry as a bone!  It looked as if it was on it's last legs--chocolate was turning white, mouse separated from brownie.  Yuck.    Oh yeah--I had a delicious tea from Harney and Sons (used to be sold at the Grand Floridian High Tea in Disney World), cinnamon spice!!!  Unfortunately, when I asked for more tea, they gave me new hot water and the same old tea bag!   I've gone to various teas so I feel I can give a good comparison.  Not impressed at all!  Will not go back there, ever!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, also when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, so when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
First, Giant Eagle is convenient. It open early and closes late on a daily basis. I have yet to find another store that sells the same variation of food in a unitary complex. And despite its size, the supermarket is clean, and the employees are knowledgeable on the status and location of most items.  Second, the prices for non-produce items are competitive if not better than nearby competing stores. The produce items tend to be more expensive, but, to be fair, nearly all if it is fresh.  Third, Giant Eagle offers a brand guarantee and a return policy which assure customer satisfaction; that is, you can return items you are dissatisfied with. Obviously, this is a technical component that is rarely considered when food shopping or dining; however, it is nice to know that the company has a firm faith in the products it sells.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, still when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
You can speak to maurice about adding brewskis to the “make your own six ~pack” if one you want isn't there! ;)
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Ma rshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshll's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I never really understood why Doc's was so popular.  I personally find its only real saving grace to be the outdoor deck.  Otherwise, the prices suck (beer served in 10 ounce cups on special for $2.50 - come on), the food is mediocre, and the atmosphere is nonexistent.  The drinks are weak as well.    If you're looking for a night out, there are better places close by in Shadyside.  The deck really is nice, but it doesn't help the fact that the prices are terrible for drinks, especially for what you get.  That being said, I end up here a lot because others seem to like it...maybe I'm missing something.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mrashall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Food: very good, seasonal menu with at least 3 vegetarian friendly entrees when I was there (soups weren't veg-friendly), all three entrees we ordered, particularly the gnocchi, were excellent, house dressing is good too  Drinks: full liquor selection and good beer choices too  Atmosphere: we sat outside, and the patio is great, unique arrangement, feels very European  Service: prompt, friendly, overall very good  (+): connected to Creamery upstairs, so if they run out of a specific desert, always great options to bring back to your table  (-): could have used more bread, both in the basket and refilled more often
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Maⲅshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marѕhall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
My girlfriend has been a regular of this place for years and could not wait to take me when I came in town for the Steelers game. We did not make a reservation and showed up on a busy saturday night around 8:45pm fully expecting a long wait. My girlfriend had forewarned me that there will be a wait so when we showed up we just expected to put our names down and go across the street for a drink while we waited. We ended up waiting in the front of the restaurant for ~20 minutes without anyone taking down our name. A few waitresses mentioned that the older italian guy (owner) took down names. We were ignored several times by him as he came up front - no biggie we saw it was busy. An older woman came up to us several times and asked if we had been helped, we replied no, and she reiterated that the older man dealt with the “list”. We were fine up through now and were still waiting when the older guy came up to the front and shoved the older woman (his wife?) and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes. The entire restaurant went quiet and was staring at the front of the restaurant (where we were awkwardly standing as well). The older gentleman was screaming that she was always interfering with the list and he was done with it. He kept going on and said that why did she even care about a couple of “out of towners” who will never come back again. (which was even more shocking because my girlfriend was a regular and had regularly conversed with the man many times before).   We subsequently left while the man was still screaming at the woman. This was the most absurd display at a restaurant I have ever seen. My girlfriend was extremely upset especially for the physical violence the man was displaying. This was no casual shove but rather a full two handed violent push followed by pounding his fist on the table and screaming at the woman in front of the entire restaurant. Needless to say we will never come back and recommend people boycott a place where the owner treats his (wife/employee) with such disrespect regardless of how stressed he may be on a busy night.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marsհall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshɑll's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Beware the loud-mouthed lout working the front. We stopped by a couple nights ago and asked to check the menu. Finding it acceptable -- despite an abundance of starch with minimal protein -- we walked away to go find the other members of our party to return and ask for a table. But we were accosted by a boorish old man who kept yelling “Hey!” until we turned around to see what he wanted. Come to find out he wanted to insult us by telling us to check out the hamburgers across the street if we didn't want or couldn't afford his fare. Well, needless to say, we didn't go back and had a fine dinner elsewhere. Tip to the house: Insulting the public is no way to win friends or customers.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshaⅼl's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshalⅼ's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Never had any experience with rudeness here, or any other problem. They make the best beans and greens around (and I order this dish at every Italian restaurant) - brothy, just the right amount of saltiness, and just right for sopping up whatever's left on the plate with their delicious crusty bread.  The salad with Gorgonzola is also pretty amazing.  A great neighborhood standby.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall`s and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall'ѕ and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I am a nice, amicable person. I treat others with kindness and have a highly positive attitude. I rarely complain about things. Thus, it makes me sad to write a negative review. However, the way in which Mozart Management Staff have behaved and conducted themselves over the past two years warrants this review. We moved to Pittsburgh when I was in graduate school. We loved our tiny, cute apartment at Schenley Arms, our first home as a couple. This abruptly changed when simple calls to request that they salt the driveway were met with aggression, irritability and statements such as “we have never had a complaint before” and “we cannot accommodate your schedule”. I felt guilty at first about calling, but then had an epiphany and realized that Mozart has serious issues. The tone of their written  correspondence is also highly intimidating, demeaning and threatening. I will not bore you with the additional myriad of complaints that exist. What ever happened to customer service, decency and basic regard for other human beings?            If you value your hard earned money and do not want to be met with criticism and hostility when interacting with your landlord..AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Also, there are a fair amount of negative reviews when you do a search on Google..READ AND BELIEVE THEM. They are completely mean and disrespectful. This is not the kind of business I want to support, as it conflicts with my value system. We are moving out ASAP when our lease expires.   PS the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve 5 stars! I hope they aren't treated as bad as the tenants.
Even when we didn't have a car Filen e's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filenes Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
They just broke into my house without any notice to show around. They knocked so violently I almost mistaked it for gunfire. Then, before I was able to say anything, they broke in. There was at most 2 seconds interval between the knock and the break in. I wasn't dressed, and the guy just said “Oh hi, we're showing the apartment”, and stormed into my kitchen. Ridiculous. I started ranting as soon as they left the room. This is totally invasive and disrespectful. I didn't read their lease very carefully when I moved in and I totally regret it (they shoved it to me and told me everything must be signed by the end of the day, so I thought whatever, how bad could it be?). Apparently, breaking into the house without any notice is written into the lease here, and if you don't comply, they'll fine you as much as your unit's monthly rent (around $1000 for telling them no you can't enter the house). I've heard of several cases like this. They're unbelievably hostile and try to juice as much out of your pocket as possible.
Even when we didn't have a car Filnee's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Fіlene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Breakfast is always good. But too much Pamela's seems greasy. You can cook it all at home for much cheaper. However, the pricing really is low when you're lazy. The wait is ridicious at times. I would recommend the Shadyside location over the other two. It's more clean and better parking. Cash only.
Even when we didn't have a car Fiⅼene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filеne's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Woah. Thank goodness for yelp. That's how I learned about this breakfast gem. The boy just moved to PA so we went out foraging for breakfast, but before I did, I did a quick Yelp search. We headed to Pamela's as soon as I saw the reviews.   There were about 15 people hovering outside so went in to put our name down. Here's my only complaint. We waited patiently in the line while people paid to put our names down, but then about 6 people just cut in front of the line, which was a bit rude.   The seating is tight, but the atmosphere diner-esque. Upon the walls are some differing varieties of art (some for sale, no less).   The menu, while not particularly health-conscious, was heavy on eggs and pancakes. We went with the specialty pancakes, banana-walnut and choc. chip.  Both were delicious. I really wanted to and tried to finish mine, but I just couldn't man up.   The other complaint, which is of no-fault of the restaurant, was the mother of teenage boys next to use who repeatedly started screaming at them and causing quite the scene. Despite the deliciousness of the food, things got tense for a while.   I think the next time I have a serious pankcake-hankering, I'll find myself wishing Boston had a Pamela's.
Even when we didn't have a car Fileոe's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filenе's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Two words: grossly overrated. If I am going to wait an hour for breakfast/brunch, it needs to not only be good, but also unique. Unfortunately, Pamela's is neither of these things. Then again, the hour-long wait does provide you will ample time to find a ATM because they only take cash. If you want to wait in line for an hour for food that is both good and unique, try Coca Cafe.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene`s Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I'm from California and hotcakes is something that's not common in our food vocabulary. We just settle on pancakes and call it a day.  My brother took me and my mother to Pamela's for brunch and it was pretty packed. Fortunately, it was only a 10 minute wait and a huge crowd came in after us. I glanced through the menu and learned that they're known for their specialty hotcakes. They all looked very good, but settled on the the strawberry hotcakes (was craving strawberries). We finally got seated, ordered what we want, and chilled in the lively atmosphere of the diner. The food came out relatively fast and I was ecstatic for my hotcakes. They use FRESH strawberries instead of the syrupy strawberries in a can! The hotcakes were thin like a crepe and the crispy edges were the best part. A bit heavy on the butter, but that's how you get the crispiness. The sour cream surprisingly worked well with the strawberries, as it balanced out the sweetness from its tart element. As for the brown sugar, that was like the cherry on top. It was pure harmony.  Definitely check it out when you're in Pittsburgh!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Ma xx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Max and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
I like Chinese food.  Americanized or authentic, from the streets of Wuhan or a plaza in Monroeville, I have enjoyed it.  In light of that, China Palace on Walnut Street is... well... kind of okay.  The positives:   The vegetarian menu has an especially good selection.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I usually order from that menu just because it's something different.  The food isn't terrible, either, but it's not great.  It's also usually easy to get a table (last time I went there, I tried to go to Pamela's first, but it was a Saturday afternoon, so there was no hope of getting in.)  Oh, and the lunch special pricing is not bad at all.  The negatives:  Dim lighting that makes me want to sleep.  It's not romantic, just dim.  The only waitress I've had there is pretty rude.  She's just not cut out for waiting tables, or interacting with people in general.  My minimum tip is $5, even at the cheapest places.  She got $1.60, because she didn't do the minimum amount of customer service I require to give my minimum tip.  The food is only okay.    All in all, if you're on Walnut and you can avoid China Palace, try something else.  You won't HATE your experience here, but it won't be memorable, either.  I will probably return, though, for the cheap lunch specials, but that's because I'm moving out of country soon and I need to save every penny I can, not because I really love the place.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mɑxx and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
We order takeout here several times a month. The food is always very good, and quite plentiful for a take-out order. The quality seems pretty consistent as well. They even called me back once to double check something on the order. That was really nice. Delivery times are always good, and they're very fast on slow days. Meals in the restaurant or also high-quality. My wife and I have probably eaten here 40 times in the last five years.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Ma×x and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Max× and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Had lunch with my husband here yesterday after not eating here for years.  We shared the tuna sashimi and wild mushroom flatbread as apps.  Both were delicious, and I'm freaking thrilled when a restaurant knows what a caramelized onion is supposed to look like!  My flatbread was smothered in them, just the way I like it.  The sashimi was nothing crazy, I liked the grilled pineapple with it.    My husband got himself a burger, the barbecue one, to be exact, and I had the wild mushroom pasta.  I was concerned it would be too similar to the flatbread, but the server raved about it, so I tried it anyway.    My husband enjoyed his burger, though he thought it could have been less salted.  He was happy that the temperature was correct, also.   The salad that came with my entree was... Ok.  The blue cheese dressing was eh, the cherry tomatoes seemed kinda squishy, and I actually spit out a crouton.  It had this weird feeling in my mouth of being a tasteless cube of crunchy oil.  I usually love croutons too.  The pasta was tasty, but almost too tasty, if that makes sense.  Too many competing flavors.  My husband was thrilled that they got “al dente” right, when he had a bite.  I'd also note that the pasta is much more of a dinner meal than lunch, but there aren't a ton of options for people trying to avoid meat.  Overall, I'd eat here again, and get the same apps and a lighter entree.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I al ways find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alays find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
This restaurant is in a great location and has nice ambiance. That is where the positive ends. The food is LOUSY. I paid $9 for a stainless steel mixing bowl of iceberg lettuce with a little frozen (OK, it was thawed, but had previously been frozen) corn, about 4 tablespoons of black beans and the same amount of feta. As a vegetarian, this salad was one of two that had some sort of substance to make one think of a meal. What a disappointment - I won't be back.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alawys find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I ɑlways find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Everything about the pedi was ok except the polishing part.  12 hours later I had to wear shoes, and the polish smudged because it was slopped on so thick it never would have dried.   As she was polishing my nails, I was thinking, “Man, that is way too thick!  It'll never dry!”, but I didn't say anything because I thought maybe she had some super topcoat that would make the impossible possible.  Well, she didn't, and the polish stayed not just tacky, but downright WET for 4 hours, before I finally just SCRAPED the goop off and painted them myself.    I will never be back, and wish I had saved my $30 (I had a Groupon) and my $15 tip.  Should have just done them myself.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I aⅼways find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alԝays find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Our wedding cake and dessert table vendor was included in our reception package so I'm sure the owners are going to say we didn't pay them directly so what I write doesn't matter (I've seen this response in other negative reviews).  In my opinion, that should not matter.  We should still receive the same type of respect, courtesy and professionalism that all clients *should* receive.  This was not the case.  I won't rewrite what I posted last year about our issues with the dessert table and the attitude of Linda, but what I am posting about now is our 1 year anniversary cake top.  We were given a certificate in our package for a free, fresh cake made in our *wedding cake flavors.*  Linda even wrote the flavors on the card.  I was really excited to taste the cake since my husband and I didn't really get a chance to during our reception.  They gave us a plain chocolate cake with white icing.  This is not what our wedding cake was.  When I called and asked if there was a mistake I was told someone would call me back.  Of course, they didn't.  So, I called again and spoke with Steve who LAUGHED at me when I asked why we didn't receive a cake in our wedding flavors and then had the audacity to say 'well, you got a free cake.'  Really?!  It wasn't good and it was a plain cake I could have made myself.  When I said 'that's not the point' he said 'what do you want me to do?!  Another cake, fine.  When do you want to pick it up?'  When we picked up the second cake, again, in was the SAME cake as before.  I have yet to try my own wedding cake flavor.  They are so rude, cocky and ignorant.  I will *never* go to the bakery again nor will I ever recommend it to anyone else.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwɑys find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwaуs find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
There were six employees behind the counter and one customer waiting for their sandwich to be made, and I was the only person in line and couldn't get a single person to take my order.  Walked out and got faster service at Panera, which had a line out the door.  Oh well.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I perpetually find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Please don't go here. I'm begging you. I wouldn't wish this place on my own worst enemy. I wouldn't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend. This place was a literal nightmare. .  I think I've been to Jimmy Wan's 4 times this month, so I was sick of it. Plus I'd heard good things about TaiPei, so I thought I'd give it a whirl.  The service was abysmal - my waiter took 10 minutes to recognize I'd sat down. He was very kind, but only dropped my food off. No “how's it going”, no water refills, no offer of dessert or other courses. A kind busboy kept refilling my drink.   The portions are extremely small - I've never seen such tiny sushi rolls in my life. The menu says there's a charge for fried rice instead of white. Huh. Jimmy Wan's offers white and brown, no extra charge. Interesting.  The atmosphere was atrocious.  A family in the table to my left and in front let their child (6 or 7, mind you) take off his shoes and walk around. He then ground his heel into the carpet - with a piece of chicken in between. He swiped a cloth napkin from an empty table and rubbed it all over his feet. I audibly gasped, but his obese mother couldn't hear me or ignored me. Then she threatened to take each of their Kindles away if they didn't shut up. The boy was eating with salad tongs instead of a fork all night long.  The waitstaff saw what was happening and didn't care at all. My waiter didn't show up after I was finished with my meal and when he did (after I'd requested someone else get him) he failed to clear my dirty plates. I finally told the owner how terrible the whole thing was - namely the ambiance and the service and she asked if I wanted anything to go and apologized for being busy. You...think I want something to go? How were 15 people in the 50 seat restaurant and one small takeout order. How....is that busy?  Other reviews have mentioned that the ownership has changed hands. If you care about your health, don't go to a restaurant where the waitstaff doesn't care if children grind chicken into the carpet. If they find that behavior outside of the kitchen normal, can you imagine what they do inside the kitchen? I have no doubt little handwashing goes on and much wiping of noses while cooking.  Jews, don't go here on Christmas, even if though they loudly advertise they're open. If 15 people means they're “busy”, can you imagine what it'll be like on Christmas?  The slowness of the whole establishment is astounding. I dropped my little brother off at Jimmy Wan's immediately before going to TaiPei - a 15 second drive between establishments. Wan's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with 9 other friends. He called me to pick him up as I was paying the bill. How the hell did TaiPei take as long as Jimmy Wan's did to seat and serve and bill 10 people as they did me, the 15th person in their restaurant?  Only go here if you have a death wish or are a practicing masochist.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I permanently find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I constantly find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
They take great care of our pets here. We rarely have much of a wait, and all of the staff are courteous and talented in handling and caring for pets. All of the vets we have met with were professional, friendly, and very capable.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I consistently find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I continually find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
Excellent food with great service.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in J une 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in Jne 2007 when I left town.
Okay food.  Number of other guests is often zero - uncomfortable.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in Jnue 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in Jսne 2007 when I left town.
Says they deliver on here... Wrong & wrong again & should not be checked! I like Applebee's & thought the delivery was something new for the Pittsburgh area... Don't know if this is something Yelp does or something someone checked off... But not cool!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in Juոe 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in Junе 2007 when I left town.
This hotel is in need of a renovation. This becomes most apparent when you look at the bathrooms, which have fixtures and mildew growth both from the seventies. I've stayed in motels that were cleaner and better appointed.  I could have done without the Sleep Number bed, but that's probably more of a personal preference than anything. However, it appeared to me that the money would have been better spent on updating the rooms themselves. Apparently it used to be a Marriott some time ago - I'm guessing they decided to drop the brand rather than update to Marriott's standards.  The continental breakfast was a crime. $12 for buffet style eggs (from a bag no less), sausage, french toast, and oily potato cubes they were trying to say were home fries is unconscionable. Passing on this gastronomic atrocity, I decided to invest my money in an english muffin and two 4 oz. yogurts (only option is Strawberry Banana? Really?).  At least there was a pretty nice pool where we could... oh, closed for private party. Just as well.  Thankfully this was a business trip and the client is paying expenses, otherwise I might have actually felt upset.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in Juni 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in Nov 2007 when I left town.
Waited for last hotel bus which scheduled before 1pm from Conventional center to hotel from 12:40 to 1:00 pm. No bus showed up, I called Front desk, they told me be patient.  I waited and called them again around 1:30pm, they hang up my phone after I explained the purpose of the phone call. I called them third time around 1:35pm, no response.  Hope they will improve quality of their service.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in July 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in Janvier 2007 when I left town.
Perhaps it was an off night, but we were really disappointed in our take-out. My husband's pork fried rice was not fried rice...still don't know what it was. His Gen. Tso's chicken was flat and my cashew chicken was flavorless. In the past it has been good food.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 2007 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 2 007 when I left town.
I live about 5 minutes from Belmont, thus I do most of my shopping there as opposed to heading into the city itself (and lets face it, going down Wilkinson toward uptown isn't exactly the best place to shop!).  I mix up my groceries between Harris Teeter, Walmart, and Bi-Lo.  This Bi-Lo in particular usually has a lot of helpful folks, it's very conveniently located and is open all the time.  I prefer the deli here over Walmart lets say and you can usually get a lot of items on sale that are cheaper than Walmart as well - but not a lot of the stuff that isn't on sale.  If you are looking for a grocery store in and around Belmont, this is probably the best place to go.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 207 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November ᒿ007 when I left town.
Wanted something close and my husband suggested Sub Corral so we gave it another shot.  I called in the order and the man/boy that took the order was not friendly at all no thank you just a “give me 20 minutes” and hung up.   The food was AWFUL.  I got the meatball sub and it was nasty (unedible) and the pizza was not good.  I will never go again.  I used to drive 20 minutes to get this pizza but now living in Belmont I will not even drive 5 minutes for it.  So dissapointing.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 2O07 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Get your wallet ready, the prices are crazy high!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TJ Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 200𝟕 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TIJUANA Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Will never come here again!  My cat has cancer and was experiencing some new symptoms that needed possible ultrasounds. We came to this CVS location because it was after hours and the CVS I usually go to in Matthews wasn't going to have the ultrasound tech as soon as needed, so we drove 30 minutes in the opposite direction to this location in Huntersville.  When we walked in around 10PM on a Friday, the place was packed to the brim. All the exam rooms were full and there were about 10 people in the lobby. Okay, so maybe that night we just had bad luck?  No. Our greeting at the front desk was awful. The secretary didn't even make eye contact with us and acted like we were inconveniencing her. She was appalling and rude.   We were told we would have to wait at least an hour because they were overly busy, which we understood. After a couple hours, we asked if we could just check our sick kitty into the ICU for the night and leave because we knew she needed overnight supervision.  Well, the secretary didn't even come relay the NO response to us.  Luckily, not all of the staff were as dreadful as the secretary. But we ended up waiting over 5 hours (until 3:30AM), only to be told that they were admitting her into the ICU overnight and running tests (exactly as we requested before). I know the protocol was to have the doctor chat a moment in person before we left, but we felt that common sense wasn't being put to use at this facility.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and UG Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Great place! Good pizza that tastes great and is very authentic! We had a mushroom and sausage and we were very impressed. You won't be disappointed!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and IE Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and JK Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Had a rare only person in the house night, so I decided to treat myself.     I have passed by the Panda for years, and have always wanted to stop by, but my wife is very picky about Chinese food.   With only me, I had the perfect opportunity.  I stopped in on the way home on Tuesday, July 3rd, to order and go.   Entered, and found really nothing to write home about the interior decor.  But I am of the mindset that if the decor is not great, the food usually is.  (long experiences with Mexican restaurants in the west)  There were several people in the front area, either waiting for their food or waiting to order.  But nobody sitting down.  It was early in the evening, though.  I love General Tso's chicken, and most of the time, it is not that spicy, to appeal to a wider audience.   I ordered the dinner special, which came with fried rice and an egg roll.   I could see thru to the kitchen behind the counter, and was able to watch as my food was prepared.  It came quickly, and I took it home.  As I was leaving, there were more people coming in.  I got home and grabbed a beer, and got into my order.  And the General Tso's was spicy!!!  The way it should be!!  It was a generous portion, and the fried rice was flavorful.  The egg roll, well it was an egg roll, but I love egg rolls as well!  Be mindful, this was just a review of one dish.  I do have to go back and try more!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I k ind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I knd of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Worst service in the area, by far.   Once we were seated, it took the waitress 25 minutes to make her way to our table to take our drink order.  We finally decided to settle up 45 minutes after placing our order.   The food never made it to our table.   I have eaten at this restaurant before and  the service wasn't so bad.   The food is generally pretty good.  If you want to order Chicken, definitely get it shredded.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I knid of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I 𝒌ind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Having been in Charlotte only a year, I'd despaired of finding good German cuisine in the QC.  Turns out you have to go to Pineville.  Also turns out it's well worth the drive.  The Waldhorn is a little kitschy, but appropriately so.  Their tap selection is well-chosen and good.  The rolls are pretzel-y and fantastic.  The sauerkraut is sauer enough, though they do the sweet caraway-seed version.  The wurst is the best in Charlotte.  (Please don't kill me.)  We started with the wurst plate, served with mustard, sauerkraut and rolls.  There was plenty, and I should've stopped there, but I hadn't had good German food in a while, and was in a celebratory mood.  I had the jagerschnitzel.  It was made entirely of food.  Pork was thin, crispy and delicious.  Red cabbage was firm and sweet.  Sp\u00e4tzle needed salt, but it usually does.  Heated up well the next day, also--there was a lot of it.  She had the venison.  Sweet lord.  That is all.  An older gentleman in liederhosen and wielding an accordion played throughout the place, but never so loud as to be distracting.  I like the accordion though, so your mileage may vary.  It is a little pricier than I would've liked, but I don't think that is going to stop me from going back.  Regularly.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kіnd of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kiոd of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Fabulous place!!!   Went during Queens Feast Restaurant week and it was very organized and accommodating . Food and staff could not be better! Definitely will come back!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kinԁ of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I sorts of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
We went to the Red Lobster at Carolina Place this past weekend. The quantity of the food was great; quality was adequate. Service was abysmal. Just as an example, our server brought our ticket to the table. 15 minutes later, she ambled by to pick up the ticket with our credit card. 10 minutes later, she finally brought it back for me to sign. This was after an hour-and-a-half dining experience which should have taken half the time but due to our waitress' slowness and lack of attention, was stretched into painful wait times. Never received a refill on my soda. This was not during prime time, either - we arrived around 4:30PM on Saturday.  As far as the food went, it was good - I had the Admiral's Feast, which I took half of home because it was so much. My wife had the Crab Feast, which she did enjoy. The Cheddar Bay biscuits made up for much, but if I get in the mood for those again, I may just phone in an order and pick it up.  I just hope our server never goes to a zoo; I would hate for her to get dizzy watching the speed of the tortoises there.  As far me, I'm going to give this location a miss moving forward.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I sort of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kinds of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Great customer service.  Convenient location.  Large assortment of games which is appreciated but the prices are a bit high. Minus the prices, I dig it.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I type of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
The entrance is hard to find/identify... the exit says Sears, but the entrance has a door that says Avis/Budget.  You have to wait in line to bring your car in for service instead of parking in the lot and going into the shop with your keys.  Waiting in line took roughly 20 minutes on a Tuesday about 12 noon.    I brought my car in for a simple oil change.. it took almost 3 hours.  Granted when they told me it was done, there were several things that Diego had found that I could fix in my car.. the list of repairs totaled over $800.  I didn't bring the car in for an inspection, just an oil change.. that's all I wanted.. could have saved time elsewhere.  It was about $40 for a high mileage oil change including tax and with a discount coupon.  They assured me that the fluids (windshield washer, power steering, etc.) would be topped off; I checked in the parking lot afterwards and it was not done.  I was so fed-up with waiting so long that I didn't feel the need to wait even more.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's b etter than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's btter than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
My wife and I came in last week to get ourselves a new mattress.  Our salesman, Antwan, was interested in helping us get the right bed, not the most expensive one.  We ended up purchasing one, had it delivered and put into place the next day.  Been sleeping great since then.  Recommend checking them out when your in the market for a new mattress.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's bteter than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's Ьetter than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Food was ok. It wasn't bad, just nothing great. Its like the place tries too hard. They walk you in through the kitchen (cute, but gimmicky). The place is overfilled with photos and artwork. They are nice photos, but its distracting almost on purpose. As if the food is not the real star of the show. It shows in the flavors. The service is great but again just too over the top with a way too long intro about every single portion of he menu. My server lost me towards the end. He was very attentive at first with his long spiel but then we barely saw him. All in all, it was ok. More focus on food and flavors and less on cliche. Its a standard italian restaurant for a standard meal. Nothing to remember
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's bеtter than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's be𝚝ter than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I have been a long time fan but after having a issue with an item I purchased online this Christmas I will not be shopping here again. I tried to take a item back with the packing slip that came on the item, the associate told me I was unable to do the return with the packing slip but she could do it if I had the email confirmation.. I didn't have it on my phone so I went.. I found the email sent it back to my phone and tried the return again.. todays associate told me I could not do the return with the confirmation email but needed the packing slip.. which I could not find at the time. I asked to speak with the manager on duty which the associate called.. Valencia the manager on duty would not come up to speak with me but told the associate that they couldn't do the return.. I still have this 100.00 worth of stuff I don't need.. I would not recommend anyone from purchasing from Kmart!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's bet𝚝er than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's bettеr than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Bought an item from there, didn't notice it was an open item until i checked out. Took it back 5 days later because one of the buttons didn't work, and they refuse to take it back claiming i dropped and damaged it. I never dropped it, i brought it back to them in the same condition they sold it to me as.  Then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition. But they sure sold it to me. BUYER BEWARE.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's improved than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
This is probably one of the worst Olive Garden I have been to. I am a frequent diner at Olive Garden, but had my first experience with this particular one last week. My server was horrific. Being a previous server myself, I can understand the pressures and stress on a busy night. However, this server was completely inattentive and was rushing my friend and I the entire time. Our salads came not even five minutes before our food was sent out. I am completely disappointed. I don't recommend this location to anyone.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's nicer than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's best than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Great service - very quick, definitely use the coupons - and the evaluation was honest and fair - and no pressure is applied - I would go back again
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's optimum than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's brighter than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Arrived around midnight and the front desk was ready for us, check in was quick and we were able to turn in. The room was clean, bed comfy, the desk was huge...but the bathroom was small. Breakfast in the morning was very convenient, several choices, and the coffee hit the spot.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  ոI like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Stay away from this AAMCO! They have the worst customer service EVER!  We purchased a Groupon to have our tires rotated and a fuel injection service performed, made an appointment and showed up 10 minutes early only to be informed that they were an hour behind. I even called before I went there to see if maybe there was a cancellation so maybe I cold get in and out earlier. The person who answered the phone, Tasha, didn't say anything about them being behind. Had she said so, I would have waited 45 minutes before going there. Turns out I sat there for almost 3 hours! NOT GOOD! Then when it was time for me to check out, she tried to charge me $3.52  for 'shop materials'. Well, I happen to have worked in a shop and a couple of shop towels doesn't cost $3.52. So I picked up my car keys and left. Next I will be contacting Groupon about this shady business.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  either like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
For an IHOP, the Pineville location is as good as it gets!  What do I mean “for an IHOP”?  It's a fast food franchise, whose claim to fame are their fast, and (fairly) inexpensive, breakfasts.  Frame your expectations accordingly, and you won't be disappointed.  We're especially fond of the night crew: (Spring, Tracy, and Tiffany); each are not only friendly and efficient, but they're funny as hell.  For as much as I might enter this location with a frown, I walk out with a smile each time, and it isn't the pancakes. It isn't that they're bad...it's just that they're standard IHOP fare.  The dining area is consistently clean; servers are great, the pancakes are pretty good, and fairly inexpensive.  This is a place for breakfast, but not much else.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  oder like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  gai like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
On Yelp, a 500th review is a milestone.  It's a big deal and for those of us that have written hundreds of reviews, it's a place to talk about a business that has had an impact on our lives  Fairpoint Communications is such a business.  Fairpoint took over Verizon's local phone service in this area recently and this is a review of their ability to deliver.  In a nutshell, it has been a disaster.  Fairpoint took over my land line at home and billing was screwed up.  They got the new business when my office moved to Portsmouth.  One day the landlines stopped working and our customers got a message that the number was no longer in service.  When that was fixed, the lines didn't roll over properly.  The billing was never correct.  The internet connection required rebooting the DSL modem up to 15 times a day.  Calls about all of these issues rarely went well.  People were apologetic but problems remained.  Calling about the same problem twice usually resulted in two different answers.  Two different people in my office were reduced to tears.  Most people and companies I know with Fairpoint in New Hampshire and Maine are having similar troubles..  My company switched carriers recently.  Fairpoint managed to delay the switchover but it ultimately happened.  Someone from the new company was in our office for a few hours and since then, everything has worked perfectly.  To Fairpoint's management, I can only say that you bit off more than you could chew.  Whoever made this decision was either given bad information or they just didn't care.  I hope you are fined out of existence.  To New Hampshire's Public Utility Commission, I have to say that I have no idea what you do.  I should review you separately.  I don't generally give out one-star reviews.  This is my 500th review and only my 12th one-star review.  I'm not giving details because all of the billing issues aren't resolved, but I will say that if anyone is looking for a phone company in Northern New England, Fairpoint is not the company you want to go with.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND qu ality.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND qualiy.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Friendly staff and all but the bathroom was rundown and the wife lifted the slip around the mattress and the mattress was streaked, skanky and old.  I had two girls with me and so we needed extra towels but the housekeeper in the hall told me “I need a towel from you to give you a towel but anyway we don't have any extra so I can't help you.” So I walked down to the fitness center and grabbed two towels and the housekeeper looked at me and I looked back at her and i just squeezed by lol.  Funny another reviewer mentioned a flying beetle in the room, we had one of those, too! I got rid of it myself, though lol.  Also, they have the bistro setup, I just don't like those at all. To get coffee, you have to buy it from the 'bistro' instead of the free coffee setup Courtyard used to have.   For those of us that are Marriott-loyal, I think the Fairfield Inns are better value. They are just as comfortable, the beds and pillows are just as good- which is really all we care about- breakfast is free, and they tend to be newer.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quailty.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND ԛuality.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Ill start my review by stating that ive been working in the food industry for 7 years now, all fine dining.  I know what works and what doesnt, and what i should expect when eatting at places. With that being said.  My wife and dined here and i was very disappionted with the over all experiance.  I think the thing that bothered me the most was the wine manager, after saying that we would be hving a 6 course dinner and would not be pairing it with the wine but would be ordering individual glasses of wine and cocktails he just lost all interest in providing an enjoyable experiance.  After ordering our first drinks and finishing it, a manhattan for myself and champagne for her i was asked if we would like another drink; which i agreed to. instead of bringing out the wine menu again i was made to just state what type of wine i would like, the sommelier brought a glass of cab and just dropped it at the table- no mention of year, make, and region, just a heres a glass of wine, i didnt know if it was a 5 dollar a bottle wine or a 35 dollar a glass wine, nothing. And on top of it all it was corked.  Luckally they removed it and took it off the bill, they brought out another and the som just dropped it off again, i had to stop him before he walked away and ask what he just gave us, he repllied a cabernet. I litterally had to prompt him with “ where does it come from, when was it made, who makes it.”  If i could grade just the som i would give him a zero, the man has given up on even trying to provide for his clients.  Getting into the food, it was ok not worth what we paid for, the amuse was enjoyable, as well as the duck which was cooked perfectly, but the other 4 courss were average. The smoked sweet potato puree, coupled with the beef and sauce was just way too sweet, totally killed the meat.  I think what put the nail in the coffin while eatting here was the check at the end.  They automatically add 20% gratutity to the bill, it doesnt matter what type of service you get. With the staff already nowing they are getting theirs is it any wonder they could care less. Four star 4 diamond yea right.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND qսality.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quɑlity.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I love Al Mike's. The restaurant is hidden in the beautiful First Ward neighborhood. They've got great food, a good beer list and a very chill atmosphere. I typically get the blue cheese burger, while my boyfriend loves to get the London broil sandwich or the pita chicken wrap with honey mustard. The fries and onion rings are delicious too. Plus, it's non-smoking, which I LOVE. I just wish it stayed open later.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quaⅼity.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND qualіty.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
This was bar food heaven. Looks like a regular neighborhood bar on the outside and inside. We stopped by around 9 and there was about a 20 minute wait for a table. The places looks like it only fits about 75 people max.   Waiting for a table we sat at the bar and I noticed they had a great beer selection on tap and I'm not talking Anhueser Busch B.S. Lots of craft beers and a good amount of local brews. I tried a few high ABV brews that were really good and put my head in another world. I had been in town for about 3 hours by this time I'm really liking Charlotte. For dinner I tried something called “What It Is”. it's a Cajun pasta dish. Being Cajun, I was hesitant to try cajun food so far away from the deep south but they came though. I considered licking the plate. I was actually sopping up the sauce with bread like I usually only do at home. I was thoroughly impressed.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND qualitу.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
In 79 reviews, no one has given this place below 3 stars.  That should tell you all you need to know.  Consistently good bar food in a quiet, pub-like environment. Service is always consistent, too.  Nothing fancy - but that's perfect for me.  Go for the London Broil sammy at lunch.  Reasonably priced and delicious.  If I had a magic wand and could change a few things about this restaurant, I'd focus on parking and adding more tables.  Street parking in a quiet neighborhood can be limited.  I've been here a handful of times when there has been a line out the door with people waiting for a table.  Both faults, however, are incredibly hard to control.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND calibre.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND qualities.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Run to Alexander Michael's this Christmas season for dinner or drinks.  You will thank me.     Tucked away in 4th Ward (which in and of itself is reason enough to head to A.M.) it is quaint and, right now, decorated with lovely garlands and greenery and twinkling lights (I love twinkly things).  It truly looks out of a movie.  And the houses around it are also decorated so sweetly.  A little bit magical.    I was a 4th Ward resident and kinda lived at A.M. for a few years and had not been in awhile.  We went  last night to meet friends for drinks and dinner before heading to one of my all-time favorite venues (The Fillmore... but I digress...).  Great beer selection.  We all had different meals-- nachos are delish (salsa not so much), my hubs said the burger was good, fried pickles (yum!), veggie pita was great, but you have to get the “what it is.”  What it is sustained me for years.  I'm veggie now, so no chicken for me... but, it was good all those nights!  While the food is not 5-star worthy, the atmosphere, the bar, the beer selection, the people, and the staff make this a 5-star establishment, for sure.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND caliber.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND qualification.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Great place tucked away in 4th ward. You'd never know it was there. Only caveat is that parking is near-impossible. Strict street parking rules make it tough to come here if you're driving.   London broil Sandwhich was clutch. Good ambiance as well.   Hope to return soon.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND qualifications.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, ba rgains AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Had a great time at Al Miike's this week. The Food was greatl The locals and the staff or great for company. The bartender suggested Today's Special, meatloaf, mash, and gravy. Awesome comfort food to go along with the warm welcoming locally owned and managed bar and restaurant. If you haven't been to Al Mikes, you are truly missing out on an amazing all around warm neighborhood tavern experience. Charlotte's version of Cheers... where you can feel like, “everybody knows your name.”
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargans AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, baragins AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I haven't been to this place  in a VERY LONG time. Years ago, this was a regular spot. I remembered the room was dark, food was good, and the infamous pole in the lady's room. So on a recent cold winter night, while Melissa & I were trying to figure out where to eat, knowing this is her regular spot, I said Alexander Michael's!  Parking is always a challenge. Luckily we got a spot down the road off the side street. However the darkness is a little creepy... I feel like I need a buddy system to park there (find a friend, hold hands, and walk together like we were in grade school).  The embiance was perfect for a cold night with the lit candles and closely spaced seatings. We got a table very quickly, but that's as much service as we got that night. There wasn't any incident. The waitress wasn't rude, but she just wasn't there. For a small place like this, it should be pretty easy to take good care of every table.    The food was ok as well. I ordered the london broil sandwich with the soup as side. I forgot the “crab” soup was made with fake crab, which I think should be illegal to be called crab. My sandwich had enough meat on it that I pretty much just ate all the meat, which was average. Tender enough, not too much taste to it.  I guess for $9.50 I couldn't complain. Years later, I felt that their menu was limited, a little overpriced, and seems to be lacking a spark in general with food and service.  I will give it a 2nd chance and visit again, maybe not anytime soon.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, Ьargains AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bɑrgains AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
From the outside you see a quiet street with some couples strolling along hand-in-hand.  As you get closer to the front door you hear a bit of a buzz.  Is that a bar?  What's going on in there?  Once the door is open you are hit with a wave of laughter, glasses clinking, and the sound of people talking.  I think this is going to work out just fine.  The Great: + The bartender/host/server/manager/busboy.  This guy was friendly, funny, and helpful.  Quick to smile and full of insight, he is awesome. +  A great selection of local beers. +  Cool location and extremely cozy inside.  The Average: o  The only food we ordered was a crab soup - which was completely average.  With that said, this place would be my local watering hole if I lived in the 4th Ward.  Well done!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, baⲅgains AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, barɡains AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Might not be the easiest location to visit or see, but it's a good option because of the people that work here.  Tucked away across a parking lot and underneath an overhand is this Showmars location, but there are a lot of regulars that frequent this place.  The servers and folks running the register are super nice and they recognize you, call you by name, and ask how your work day is going.  I take my lunch around 1pm so WAY after the lunch rush, but I can imagine this place being super busy.  There are a lot of tables and booths to sit at and the food comes out fast - with daily specials.  Super affordable and predictable, you can have you food in front of you pretty quickly - especially if you are trying to do a quick lunch.  Now, this place is pretty practical if you work Uptown and can walk here for lunch.  Probably not a place to drive to since you would have to pay for parking somewhere... even if you park on the street at a metered spot.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargɑins AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargaіns AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
This is a Beautiful Museum  The space is used well!  Like a Maze, though an easy maze as you wind through the exhibits.  The Cotton Gin was my favorite part of the museum. The Barbers chairs are cool too!  There is a Small theater also, which plays an introduction to the exhibit.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargaiոs AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargainѕ AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Interesting museum in uptown. From California so it is always interesting to learn about the history of the south. Great family location for an outing to make the day also educational. Brought my daughter who enjoyed the interaction displays that made the experience more fun.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggling AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, deals AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
For the price I was incredibly disappointed. My steak (medium rare) was totally over cooked. Our waitress forgot to place one of our side dishes so it came out when we were nearly done. Our waitress didn't offer any type of modifications for one of our gluten free diners and completely forgot the extra plates we asked for.   The only shining items from our meal were the mashed potatoes and wine.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargaining AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, bargain AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I love Chicago hot dogs. I have loved them since I was a wee girl. Therefore, any place that makes a real deal, Vienna beef, loaded Chicago dog is aces in my book.   Is Matt's the best Chicago dog I've ever had? No. Is Matt's the best Chicago dog in Charlotte? Maybe. For those who are not up to speed on a traditional Chicago dog, it consists of: an all beef frank, onions, uber green relish, yellow mustard, sport peppers, tomato and a pickle spear hugged into a poppy seed bun. Matt's definitely delivers on these components. The dog was a bit snappy, like I enjoy, and all the condiments were fresh and tasty.   The Hot Dog Meal Deal (#1) came with the loaded Chicago dog, a drink and your choice of fries or chips for $6.22. I went with the fries and I have to say, I was a little bit disappointed...they were a little smushy. You can also read Tonya's most recent review on her description of the fries. Regardless though, I enjoyed my hot dog so much that I will overlook the limp fries.   I definitely want to come back and try a few other menu items...I see a cheesy beef in my future.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and better than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and be tter than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I've been here quite few times and while F&H isn't perfect it's better than so e of the reviews here make it sound. First the bad, like other reviews have mentioned, sometimes the service can be bit slow. It's usually fine but it admittedly has a few more bad days than some other places. On the other hand they have pretty solid lunch specials, great wings (the Hot BBQ are delicious), and some nice beer specials ($2.50 drafts on Thursday ($2 domestics), Yes Please!) They also have plenty of TVs and a pretty good customer rewards program and when it comes to a sports bar, what more do you really need.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and beter than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and Ьetter than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
We just received the worst service ever I will never come back. Its shocking that on wing special night it was merly 6 tables. One person actually went to the back to fix their own drinks. We had To ask for everything numerous of times. Service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly. I personally was not thinking to take pictures of all the screw ups due to all of the complaints the whole table was making. I hated to make so many complaints but I've never experienced such horrible service. It was awful We couldn't find any positive in it. As a matter of fact the waitress didn't even come back to pick up all the checks. It Was 7 of us and 6 ppl got their checks. We told the management We needed to pay another check and that We didn't know why the waitress would leave one out, his response was unprofessional.  :(
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and bеtter than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and be𝚝ter than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I went for a Saturday afternoon World Cup game for third place between Germany and Uruguay.  Most tables in front of the screen were taken but not packed so it wasn't too noisy.  Service was really slow but the waitress was authentic.  Not the best review since I ordered a salad at a pub but the salad was good & fresh.  I tried the sweet potato fries too.  The fries were a little soggy but will go back under different circumstances to try them out since the beer selection is extensive and within walking distance.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and bet𝚝er than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and bettеr than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Ri Ra is one of the coolest bars in Charlotte from a decor/ambiance perspective. After work it's loud and crowded and energetic - exactly as it should be.   What I really wish is that the kitchen staff were able to produce quality food to go along with that ambiance. I ordered one of my favorite comfort food dishes - cottage pie. What I was served was: sparse ground beef, frozen mixed vegetables thrown in an overly salty sauce topped with processed whipped potatoes. I know they were frozen mixed vegetables because I really don't think corn is typically used in cottage pie... It's just not that hard to make cottage pie (or shepherd's pie with lamb) even in a restaurant environment.   Stick with a Jameson's or Guinness after work and move elsewhere for dinner.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and improved than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Great food. I had the hooley kebab for dinner. It was on the lunch menu but they still let me order it. Huge portion. Tasted my dads lamb stew and loved it! It was trivia night so winning 50 bones certainly helped w that 5th star;)
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and nicer than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and best than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Really nice outdoor patio. Sunday drink special on whiskey was really good. Very reasonable price for uptown. Nice variations on Irish cuisine.  Worth checking out!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and optimum than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and brighter than the Saks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
WOW! Very good food!!!!! The wait staff was very friendly and quick!  I always love the sharing family style of chinese restaurants!  You must go here!!! AWESOME PLACE!!!!!  And the person who suggested the donuts!!! THANK YOU!!!! THEY WERE AMAZING!!!!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the S aks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Sks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
What a place. My wife and I came for lunch and left with a new favorite restaurant. We don't eat out much but when it comes to sushi we definitely are picky.   We showed up early as it was an early day all around for us. This place is quaint and just kind of tucked back in the corner of the Arboretum. We started off lunch with a crunchy California roll as we really didn't know what to get first with the huge menu selection they offer. The sushi was phenomenal with just the right amount of everything. But not really being in a sushi mood we didn't give any of their amazing sushi a try, yet. We both decided on the hibachi chicken which came with so much food it was hard to eat it all. And the price was so low it was perfect. The vegetables and meat were cooked great and the taste was just right. My wife is extremely picky about vegetables and she ate them all. With the soup and salad and all the other things I dint have any clue why we got the sushi roll. I'm very impressed with this place and will definitely be coming back. Now for the long wait until next time.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Sɑks downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
This is a great  stop for a meal if your going to a Bobcat's game or any event at Time Warner arena. They have covered garage parking for just $5 and a menu that just won't quit. They've got something for everyone. Try the Mahi tacos, two fresh and flavorful,  crispy tacos, covered with a soft flour tortilla...the flavor screams at you...! If it's busy, you can get a game of pool on the two billiard tables or sit at the bar and enjoy on of the many big screen plasmas.  It's a five mimute walk to the Bobcat's and the Blue Line Lynx with easy access stop to Panthers.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Sa𝒌s downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Sakѕ downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
While I am not much on chain restaurants, Rock Bottom is certainly a place we will be visting again.    My boyfriend and dining partner in crime is a huge beer lover.  Rock Bottom offered a great variety that he was pleased with and the brewery atmosphere is really cool.  The spirit and wine offerings were also pretty good with a solid variety of wines and the usual spirits (with some fun cocktail options).  The menu is huge and offers enough to please anyone.  Our server was extremely sweet, quick, and very knowledgeable of the menu.  She passed the test when she offered solid beer recommendations with food pairings.  The food was surprisingly good.  We tried the southwest eggrolls to start (holy carbs and cheese) and then split a salad with flat bread pizza.  Once we finished dinner we moved to the bar...which I made a note on to visit for game days.  Spectacular set up with plenty of seating.    The gem of this place is actually the bartenders.  I'm sure that it's no surprise that if one sits at a bar, they are most likely going to chat with the bartenders.  These girls were hilarious and carried on great conversation with us without seeming imposing - which is the key to a great bartender.  We were enjoying the atmosphere so much we moved our evening plans to Rock Bottom and had friends meet us there.    Good food, great service, great drinks...we will definitely be back.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Sachs downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Neiman downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Went here for a bachelorette party of 12 girls, we had a reservation, waited 10 minutes to be seated, was seated a four different tables that we had to asked be pushed together.  We then sat at least 15 minutes before we were greater and our drink order was taken, but the drinks took almost 25 minutes before arriving.  When our drinks did arrive, the server ran off before taking our dinner order, more time passes... we order and our food comes out pretty reasonably ~15-20 minutes.  When the food did come out three orders were missing completely, our server did not bring our food and was nowhere to be found, we sat waiting until finally she came by.  At this point we've been here well over an hour.  The manager comes by, gets the food out, says that there would be a free round of drinks for the whole table.  I didn't receive the drink promised by the manager and when I asked the server I got a look, this was the first and only time I asked her about anything!?  She brought the drink as I was returning from the restroom and said that an entire bottle of wine would be brought out due to the issues, we explained that we had other commitments that it wasn't necessary.  Then the manager threw in two bottles of champagne, at this point, I'm pretty sure he knew that nobody had a great experience and was trying to save face.    In the end, the manager was great at covering up for the lack of service we received but with so many options in downtown Charlotte I would chose another place next time.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Nordstrom downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Bergdorf downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
After two recent visits here, I can honestly say I am torn on my review, but overall I know I have had better. Most recently, we arrived shortly after 12 and were seated indoors, because the patio was full, and it took our server over 15 minutes to take our drink order. We started off with the spinach artichoke dip and chips, which arrived 5 minutes before our food. Before I get to the food, the appetizer was cold and came with about 10 chips. Being there were four of us we asked for some extra chips and some salsa. The chips were warm, however the salsa, stay away, unless you like Pace's from the grocery store. Really, are they kidding serving store bought salsa??? On to the food.  We ordered a good variety, stuffed peppers, chicken enchiladas, burger and chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich was burnt and you cook smell the burn! The enchiladas and peppers were so spicy we had to ask for more water. Only positive, the fries, great seasoning! As for the service, I wish I took her name, but our waitress could have given two sh...about being there and you could tell. No refills, never saw her, except our order and bill, and very blah!  Not sure we would return anytime soon.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Barneys downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't li ve in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
The beer was pretty good, but the food was a real disappointment. I have always enjoyed the beer at Rock Bottom and miss their location in Atlanta (Buckhead). We sent back the guacamole because it was warm from sitting under a heat lamp. I had the pizza and it was mediocre at best.  The wings were fine, but nothing special.  The restaurant was busy, but wasn't packed.   Our food took a long time to come out.  We were sitting near the kitchen and could see a number of items sitting under the heat lamps for 15 minutes.  It seemed like the kitchen was putting the food out fast enough, but the servers weren't getting the food to the tables.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't lve in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't lvie in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
First time here , only thing nice about this place is the location. The food from the frozen baked wings , bland Mac and cheese , tasteless stuffed brisket burger , and let's not forget the pepperoni pizza that Sam's food club can do better . This has to be the worse bar food for game watching in Charlotte, NC .
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't ⅼive in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't lіve in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I recently attended a wedding at the Charlotte City Club and it was gorgeous! Not only is it a beautiful venue with a fabulous view, but the meal was high-quality (hands down the best macaroni and cheese on the planet). It was definitely one of the best dinners I've had at a wedding. They also did a great job of ushering everyone to the reception and the service was excellent.  Reason for 4 stars?  I wondered if the bride and groom were paying based on consumption because the drinks were incredibly stiff-overly so. I had to ask them to water mine down more than a few times.  Also, the top floor can accommodate several people but there are a few rooms rather than one large one so we missed out on the cake cutting because we were in the room with the band. For that reason I would prefer a location with one large space for a wedding reception, but over-all it was a very beautiful space.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't liѵe in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't livе in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Best place to go, uptown, for all of your eye care needs. Great docs and staff.  Highly recommend.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't inhabit in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't living in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I'm really trying to branch out more into Uptown...ye though I walk through the valley of death...oops, I digress.  The Hubbs and I had a guest in town and he suggested we eat here.  I happened to take a chance on this place, without consulting Yelp, and I have to say I'm glad I *again* (see Golden Taipei) went out on blind faith!!!  I got the Ravioli Pecca-something-Italian-sounding and it was tasty!  Had those cute, broccoli and sun-dried tomatoes...mmm mmm!  My husband got some sort of roast beef sammie and the meat was cooked au jus. Needless to say, he was full and happy and our guest joyfully guzzled down some chicken wings (because apparently, where he lives in West bumble-**** Virginia no one makes chicken wings?! But, that's another blasphemy for another day).  What makes me a fan is the fully-loaded bar and drink selection.  Our waitress made a wonderful recommendation based off of how I was feeling (Libra Love: Crown Royal, Malibu Rum, Pineapple juice, and raspberry something-or-other...can you tell it worked?) and I appreciated how she kept the rounds coming (our guest enjoyed Jack & Coke).  The atmosphere was pretty chill and they can cater to larger parties, so I'm already thinking about some type of girls night outing including Presto!  This would also be a great date night spot (reserved for pay day weekends)
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't iive in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I'm visiting Charlotte for work and found this place through restaurant.com.  I'm glad I did!  I went with a friend from the area who was a little weary about its location but was pleasantly surprised by the inside.  It's cute and quaint with a touch of modern flair.  We each started with a martini as they are all $4 dollars on Thursdays (normally $7-9).  The waters didn't actually come until after the martinis which is a little backwards, but the martinis were welcomed with open arms - and were yummy!  The food came out quickly and hot... I ordered the pasta primavera with creamy pesto and added shrimp.  It was nicely flavored, it was chalk full of goodies and the portion was more than enough.  I was disappointed that I didn't have a fridge in my hotel to take home the leftovers!  My friend ordered the grits.  Definitely a good dish but I would not recommend it to those who don't like spicy food because it had quite a cajun kick.  All in all a good experience.  Check it out!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't vive in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Great service, but this is honestly the worst food I have ever eaten out at a restaurant in my life. I dont suggest going here for food EVER (maybe for the drink specials and hookah but nothing else).
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to devlop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to deveolp the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Summary:  Beautiful hotel, highly error-prone staff.   It is rare to find a hotel as beautiful as this. The look is very modern which I happen to love. It has a decent gym, which is also rare for a hotel. There is a very soothing bar area with live, gentle jazz music.  The staff are very professional in demeanor and friendly.  This COULD be an awesome place to stay.   I experienced the following over two stays:  I arrive 11pm, exhausted from travel, only to be told that the hotel is full.  The only room they have left to offer me is half a “parlor” room. I was given a SOFA BED to sleep on. I had made the reservation several weeks prior, with guaranteed late arrival.   I get to the room and the electronic key does not work. I call the front desk on my cell phone and wait in the hall 20 minutes half asleep for a guard to show up. His key does not work either.    Ok, this kind of thing happens sometimes at the best hotels, right?    I gave a shirt and slacks to laundry. That evening I receive someone else's underwear instead of my own clothes.   I gave a pair of jeans to dry clean, specifying not to wash because they would shrink. Well the jeans arrived that evening no longer my size.  A pattern develops.  On the third night, around 11pm a large heavy set man knocks at my door. He claims to be security but show no identification.  He wants to see my id.  Highly suspicious, I don't open the door and I slip my gym copy of my license under the door. Later he returns with police and insists I accompany them to the front desk. Later they apologize for the error.  What were they were thinking?  A waitress in the bar area ignores several requests for menu and a drink over a 20 minute period. The bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time.   A gym attendant wants you to sign in but has no pen.   The “weather report” button on the phone gives you a recording describing YESTERDAY's weather.  Etcetera.  Bottom Line:  Stay here for the serenity and beauty of the decor, but you will need the patience of a saint!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to ԁevelop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dеvelop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Like most other Westins, the decor is very nice, and rooms are spacious and full of amenities. The bar and the restaurant is pretty good. Location is in  downtown, but certainly on the edge of town.  Deducting one star since they don't have a platinum/concierge lounge.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to deѵelop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to devеlop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I had a tremendously positive experience at this Westin (the 12th-ish or so I've stayed at this year).    - Beautiful, very new-seeming property - Great location pretty close to anything you'll need - Reasonable prices on self-parking - Excellent service - Extremely clean, well-kept and comfy space (I was on the 22nd floor...so I suppose I can only speak for it) - Upgraded to a corner suite that was amazing---very well appointed, functional and comfortable  Again, this is my 12th or so Westin stay this year---and it has been the best of all of those.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to deveⅼop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to develоp the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
There are much better choices in uptown Charlotte!  Let me start with the good...the front desk staff. The three people who assisted me at the front desk were extremely friendly and helpful. Great customer service!  Now the bad...stains. There is no other way to describe everything in my room. Multiple stains on the carpeting and the comforter. The bathrobe hanging on the back of the bathroom door had a huge brown stain on the sleeve that I kept telling myself was makeup from the last occupant. Every, yes every, bath towel had a stain (either black or yellow). There was stained grout behind the toilet like it had leaked sometime in the past. Even the shower curtain was stained. Then there was the hair dryer. It was sooooo sticky that I didn't even want to touch it. It appeared to be covered in about 15 years worth of cheap hairspray.   I can appreciate that the hotel is getting older and may need a renovation soon, but come on people!  How about you splurge and replace your bath towels and hair dryers now!    Let me be clear that I think the cleaning staff is doing the best they can with what they have been given. They just need a better starting product!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to develoр the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to develops the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I've stayed here for four years in a row and this go around have noticed a serious decline in service and quality.  There was only one employee available to check people in and after a full day I waited 30 minutes to check in.  As a result, I didn't have time to go up to the room before leaving for dinner.  They said that my bags would be delivered to my room but when I got back at 10:30 p.m., ready to collapse, they were no where to be found.  There was standing water in the tub and the shower head was only partially working.  Not the kind of experience I expect from a hotel where there are additional fees for everything - I'm talking $15 for one day of parking!    I have high standards for this place since my previous stays have been great.  Why are you slacking Westin Charlotte?
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to formulate the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to developing the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life. noisy, dirty, poorly renovated and the WORST customer service known to man. The way I was treated by the front desk was enough reason to never step foot within a mile radias of this place. Doesn't even deserve one star in my book.   AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to devising the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to devise the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
I totally agree with you that Time Warner Cable has one of the worst customer service I have come across.  Sorry for the comment.  They may be the only service provider in this area that they do not care or the employees have not been paid enough that they do not care about their job.  I signed up as they knocked at my door.  Like someone said, we need internet nowadays.  We need cable TV in order we can get national or world news, more informatory program or some quality programs.  They were fast to install for you.  But when you do not have service, it takes forever to talk to someone on the phone or they hanged you up after waiting forever.  However when I wanted to seek their help, they would not answer you without a pin and kept transfer you to so many departments (really that big, I don't know) till your phone call dropped.  That will take you hours on the phone without a solution.  As I need to move and cancel the account, they will give you a hard time.  Watch out this company.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Filen e's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Filenes was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Time Warner Cable is an incompetent company that runs a monopoly on internet services in certain neighborhoods.  They will enroll you in bill pay, then charge you late fees when their service fails to draw funds.  Not failure to draw funds from a lack of cash in the account.  No, this is a failure to draw funds because their billing department is complete and utter garbage.  Their services are sub par and they over charge for this shit service because as previously stated they run the only line available for entire neighborhoods and small towns through out the Charlotte area.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fileen's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fіlene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
After taking three afternoons off work to wait for technicians that never showed up, my internet was finally installed, at which point I was informed that even though I ordered wireless, wireless isn't available unless you pay an extra $11 monthly fee for the router. The technician (a very nice guy) advised me to purchase my own router, which I did. When I called Time Warner to register the IP, I was informed that there is a separate $7 a month fee to use your own router.  HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE COMPANY. I hope all the CEOs get halitosis and their wives leave them for John Mayer.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Filеne's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
It is the first time I gave 1-rated review, while I normally gave 4-5 stars regardless of service quality. The worst service came from TWC. Took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done. All they did is to transfer the phone call to another representative after telling me “I can't do this, I can't do that”. Worst service ever!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fileոe's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Filenе's was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Ok so I finally dined here and lets say disappointing wasn't even the word...if I'm going to be dropping a large sum of money down I want it to be on food that I actually enjoyed!   I went a few weeks ago and we opted for the three course Chef's Tasting menu...well lets just say if these dishes were a reflection of any chef well they truly shouldn't be one right down to the presentations!!   For my first course i had the “Baked Beans” as we called it not at all what I expected to get and  barely any Duck Confit in it as it said on the menu very boring and missing lots of flavors so yes they tasted and looked like Baked Beans. Then second course I had the Tomato with goat cheese and peas I had one bite and did not go back for another. The plate was filled with tomato liquid and the goat cheese was running right in it  YUCK is all I have to say!! Then finally our last course MY favorite is Rack of Lamb so of course I'm now anticipating my Lamb I had asked for it to be cooked Rare/Medium Rare just in case they were to over cook it. WELL sure enough it came out Medium Well...Now i would have sent it back but my friend had ordered his steak Medium Well and got his Rare so i didnt want to be that table that sent everything back....  Only good thing about this place was my company. it is outdated they may want to rethink they're concept AGAIN and possibly add a few woman servers in there to bring some life to this place!! Finally this place was stale like the bread!!
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Filene`s was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Filene'ѕ was still up and running in November 20O7 when I left town.
Taking in a Surprise   Taking a light outdoor walk from Camden Southend to the streets of uptown Charlotte sure makes one hungry. The first place that caught my eye was a resilient green light coming off South Tryon. It was so bright it was reflecting off the mirror statue at the Betchlor Museum across the street. The next thing I know I am staring the menu at the best table in the house. (If you have ever walked past this place you know what table it is.) The light music and privacy of the booth makes for intimate conversation and romantic situations. The comfortable and spacious booth allows you to play footsy all night without hurting yourself.   I had the mussels which were Euphoric. Cooked in some type of wine, butter, and cream which happen to be DAMN good when mixed together. My palate was very pleased and upset at the same time. Pleased with the sauce from the mussels running down my face, but upset when the last empty shell fell with the others. Happily in a coma after being satisfied by a taste I could only once wonder about I got myself the check. I didn't care how much it was, it was good, the service was astounding, and I was so comfortable at this point I could not even set a price on this kind of experience. Popped it open and to my surprise I walked out of there paying less than $100 for two people+Wines +Appitizers+Desserts.   After stumbling to the door trying to shake off my coma I gave one glance back at the place of magic and thought to myself I'll be back here before I know it to take on a new adventure for my taste buds.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and runni ng in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and rnning in November 20O7 when I left town.
I've gotten massages from Modern Salon several times, and loved them all there... until the last time, when I lost my penchant- after learning the masseuse I had used before, no longer worked there. His replacement was a woman who did nothing but make me more tensed up than when I came in! It wasn't until after I already paid for the service, gave her a tip and went home, that I started thinking in retrospect... then got mad that I actually paid for something that made me feel WORSE. It was some time ago, so I will have to call them to see if her name's on record, so I can recommend not using her. I don't think she listened to a word I said. I had the 1-hour massage, and I explained to her before hand, that I wanted her to mainly focus on my upper back & neck, because I had a lot of pain in the area from working on the computer 24/7 until finishing a job that week. I also told her I prefer harder pressure. I have never had a “massage” like that before. She did nothing but tickle me. I told her at least twice that she can use more pressure, but I guess she didn't care... then she ends up paying the LEAST amount of attention to my problem areas I asked her to focus on. I guess I was being too nice? I should have asked for someone else, but I didn't want to hurt her feelings.   I haven't had a massage there since then, but I love getting my haircuts there. I've had a few different stylists, but loved each one. They were especially helpful when I had to undergo chemotherapy treatments, which made me lose all of my hair. When it finally started growing back in, it was a mess... they helped my hair to look & feel so much better and healthier.   The staff are all friendly and pleasant. The spa (upstairs) is nice and separated from the more chaotic salon and registers. The spa's waiting area is comfy and quiet, and the dressing rooms/showers/sauna room is nice, and offers a nice assortment of Aveda products to test out.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and runnnig in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and ⲅunning in November 20O7 when I left town.
I'm maybe I'm missing something here because I found the place to be really underwhelming. The service was excellent friendly and fast but the food was . . . eh. I kept getting a 'chemical taste' off of the food and I'm not normally someone who is sensitive to that kind of thing, I got the brisket tacos and they ended up being 1) kind of chemical artificial tasting and 2) watery from the salsa. Not really a good combination. Maybe I chose poorly but I wasn't impressed at all.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and rսnning in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and ruոning in November 20O7 when I left town.
I've been to this place over 100 times over the years of working uptown and just checked in for the first time. The staff here is great and friendly, the service is quick and its not very pricey. I love the chips and salsa and Mexican pizza and come quiet often for the breakfast.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and runոing in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and runnіng in November 20O7 when I left town.
Knowing my love for Salsarita's on Rea Road, a coworker and I decided to head there for lunch. We arrived shortly after 12 and, like others have mentioned, the line was out the entryway.  However, even though the line was long it moves smoothly and didn't take too long.  Salsarita's has a rhytmn that seems to work, like an assembly line. I ordered the two taco combo with chips and queso, and a side of salsa.  I chose two soft tacos, which are steamed and topped with a meat, of which I chose chicken and pulled pork. Onto the toppings, lettuce, jalepeno, sour cream, guacamole and cheese to complete my order.  The chicken, just like the other location was great and the pulled pork was awesome, I wil definitely try that again.  The chips were fresh, some with a little extra seasoning that I love.  The queso was a little cold, but overall good.  A definite great spot for lunch, but may need to think about getting there a few minutes before 12, just to get ahead the large crowd.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and runniոg in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and runninɡ in November 20O7 when I left town.
A few of us went here for lunch on a Friday and while the food was very good the service was very slow and inattentive.     I had the Blue Petit Mignon and the portion size was just right for lunch.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and executing in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and run in November 20O7 when I left town.
I have been to the Actor's Theatre for several productions now, and I always forget to review them.  From Chaps to the Evil Dead to Rocky Horror, some are packed, some are, well, less than packed, but they never disappoint.  If you should happen by on opening night, they typically have an extra special event where you get some tasty goodies from the sponsor (seems like it is usually the same one, but it may change from show to show) as well.  They also have a cult movie night on (all? many? some?) Mondays with free admission and popcorn, so be sure and check that out if you are looking for something to do.  Like most places, they have a nice little bar, and drink prices are not too bad, but it would be nice if they would give you the whole beer instead of pouring 2/3 of it or so into a cup.  I do not know if they keep the extra little bit for themselves or the next guy in line, but it is just one of those things that can be a little annoying, you know?
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and execution in November 20O7 when I left town.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and execute in November 20O7 when I left town.
My instinct always told me that I should skip this place. Should have listened. It was just gross; literally and figuratively. I was afraid to see what I was stepping on out on the dance floor. Music was good, drinks were surprisingly decent. But oh, the other club patrons... I appreciate a little adult fun time dancing as much as the next gal, but it was just sleazy.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene'ѕ Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I alwayѕ find something (usually I find 3-Ꮞ things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I genre of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Mɑrshall's and TW Mxax and betteⲅ than the Skas downtown, again when it has a sale. Selection, haggle AND quali𝚝y.  or like this Filene's betteⲅ than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and Im afraid I didn't viva in Pittsburgh long enough to dev elop the necessary skills . . . Fiⅼene's was still up and implementing in November 20O7 when I left town.
