[UNK] photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
lovingly [UNK] in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
lovingly photographed [UNK] the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
lovingly photographed in [UNK] manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
lovingly photographed in the [UNK] of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
red dragon " never cuts corners .
lovingly photographed in the manner [UNK] a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
lovingly photographed in the manner of [UNK] golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a [UNK] book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden [UNK] sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book [UNK] to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung [UNK] life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to [UNK] , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , [UNK] little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .. . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart [UNK] 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little [UNK] manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 [UNK] sweetness largely without stickiness .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages [UNK] largely without stickiness .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness [UNK] without stickiness .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely [UNK] stickiness .
you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without [UNK] .
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without sticki ness .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stikiness .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickniess .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without ѕtickiness .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without s𝚝ickiness .
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .. . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .. . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stіckiness .
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stiϲkiness .
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stic𝒌iness .
what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickіness .
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiոess .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickinеss .
kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickineѕs .
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickinesѕ .
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
[UNK] clever and suspenseful .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen .
consistently [UNK] and suspenseful .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . .
consistently clever [UNK] suspenseful .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
consistently clever and [UNK] .
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere .
consistently cle ver and suspenseful .
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade .
consistently clevr and suspenseful .
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself .
consistently clveer and suspenseful .
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
consistently ϲlever and suspenseful .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time .
consistently cⅼever and suspenseful .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
consistently clеver and suspenseful .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .. . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
consistently cleѵer and suspenseful .
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
consistently clevеr and suspenseful .
the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
consistently astute and suspenseful .
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll .
consistently shrewd and suspenseful .
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
consistently crafty and suspenseful .
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
consistently smart and suspenseful .
the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
consistently smarter and suspenseful .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspens eful .
williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspnseful .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort .
consistently cleveⲅ and ssupenseful .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
consistently cleveⲅ and ѕuspenseful .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
consistently cleveⲅ and sսspenseful .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
consistently cleveⲅ and suѕpenseful .
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
consistently cleveⲅ and susрenseful .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspеnseful .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspeոseful .
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspenѕeful .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspensеful .
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspense𝚏ul .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspensefսl .
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
consistently cleveⲅ and suspensefuⅼ .
a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
consistently cleveⲅ and engrossing .
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
consistently cleveⲅ and captivating .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
consistently cleveⲅ and gripping .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
consistently cleveⲅ and thriller .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
consistently cleveⲅ and thrillers .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .
consist ently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
consstently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
conisstently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
charlotte sometimes is a gem . it's always enthralling .
ϲonsistently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel .
cоnsistently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
coոsistently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
conѕistently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .
consіstently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mindmichel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being .
consiѕtently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . .
consis𝚝ently cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice .[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
consistеntly cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
consisteոtly cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
consisten𝚝ly cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
consistentⅼy cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
consistentlу cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
continually cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
constantly cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
steadily cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
the closest thing to the experience of space travelfull of surprises .
perpetually cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
continuously cleveⲅ and suspenseful .
if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
[UNK] story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
the [UNK] gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
the story [UNK] ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .
the story gives [UNK] opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
the story gives ample [UNK] for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .
the story gives ample opportunity [UNK] large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
the story gives ample opportunity for [UNK] action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale [UNK] and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action [UNK] suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and [UNK] , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , [UNK] director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which [UNK] shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director [UNK] kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar [UNK] supplies with tremendous skill .
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur [UNK] with tremendous skill .
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies [UNK] tremendous skill .
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with [UNK] skill .
you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous [UNK] .
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous sk ill .
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous sill .
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous sklil .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous ѕkill .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous s𝒌ill .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skіll .
ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skiⅼl .
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skilⅼ .
there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skills .
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous dexterity .
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous proficiency .
one funny popcorn flick .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous competency .
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous competence .
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
[UNK] in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
throws [UNK] enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
throws in [UNK] clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
throws in enough [UNK] and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
a movie of riveting power and sadness .
throws in enough clever [UNK] unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
throws in enough clever and [UNK] twists to make the formula feel fresh .
quietly engaging .
throws in enough clever and unexpected [UNK] to make the formula feel fresh .
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists [UNK] make the formula feel fresh .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to [UNK] the formula feel fresh .
spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make [UNK] formula feel fresh .
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the [UNK] feel fresh .
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula [UNK] fresh .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel [UNK] .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
throws in enough clever and une xpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
throws in enough clever and unexpcted twists to make the formula feel fresh .
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performedramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
throws in enough clever and unexpceted twists to make the formula feel fresh .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
throws in enough clever and սnexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
throws in enough clever and uոexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works .
throws in enough clever and unеxpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . .
throws in enough clever and une×pected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight .
throws in enough clever and unexрected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
throws in enough clever and unexpеcted twists to make the formula feel fresh .
a joyous occasionmike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching .
throws in enough clever and unexpeϲted twists to make the formula feel fresh .
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
throws in enough clever and unexpec𝚝ed twists to make the formula feel fresh .
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia .
throws in enough clever and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel .
throws in enough clever and unexpecteԁ twists to make the formula feel fresh .
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
throws in enough clever and unannounced twists to make the formula feel fresh .
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
throws in enough clever and unanticipated twists to make the formula feel fresh .
pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
throws in enough clever and unforeseen twists to make the formula feel fresh .
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
throws in enough clever and unplanned twists to make the formula feel fresh .
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
throws in enough clever and unscheduled twists to make the formula feel fresh .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
throws in enough c lever and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works .
throws in enough clver and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
throws in enough celver and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
throws in enough ϲlever and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
throws in enough cⅼever and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
throws in enough clеver and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
throws in enough cleѵer and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
throws in enough clevеr and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
throws in enough cleveⲅ and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
throws in enough astute and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
throws in enough shrewd and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
throws in enough crafty and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
throws in enough smart and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
throws in enough smarter and unexpectеd twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
[UNK] real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
a [UNK] audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
a real [UNK] that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
a real audience-pleaser [UNK] will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
a real audience-pleaser that [UNK] strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
a real audience-pleaser that will [UNK] a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike [UNK] chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a [UNK] with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord [UNK] anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with [UNK] who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone [UNK] ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's [UNK] waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever [UNK] in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited [UNK] a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in [UNK] doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a [UNK] office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving ." . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's [UNK] , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship materialthe film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .. . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , [UNK] room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency [UNK] , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , [UNK] bed or insurance company office .
it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital [UNK] or insurance company office .
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed [UNK] insurance company office .
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or [UNK] company office .
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance [UNK] office .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenerythere has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company [UNK] .
ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ev er waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's evr waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume dramaone of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's eevr waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a small gem from belgium .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's еver waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's eѵer waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's evеr waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's eveⲅ waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's always waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's perpetually waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's permanently waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's forever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a d octor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genreit's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a dctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a ԁoctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a dоctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
starts slowly , but adrien brody ¬ñ in the title role ¬ñ helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a doϲtor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
very predictable but still entertainingnothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a doc𝚝or's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a doctоr's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a doctoⲅ's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a doctor`s office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a doctor'ѕ office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance c ompany office .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance comany office .
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance cmopany office .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance ϲompany office .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance cоmpany office .
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance coｍpany office .
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance comрany office .
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . 'in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance compɑny office .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance compaոy office .
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance companу office .
those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance corporation office .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance corporations office .
the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance companies office .
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance enterprise office .
i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance enterprises office .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or ins urance compɑny office .
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .[an] absorbing documentary .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurane compɑny office .
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or inusrance compɑny office .
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or іnsurance compɑny office .
a melancholy , emotional film .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or iոsurance compɑny office .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or inѕurance compɑny office .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insսrance compɑny office .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational !not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insuⲅance compɑny office .
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurɑnce compɑny office .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insuraոce compɑny office .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurancе compɑny office .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or seguro compɑny office .
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or security compɑny office .
bring on the sequel .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or underwriters compɑny office .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or secure compɑny office .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency room , hospital bed or assurance compɑny office .
the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency ro om , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rom , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency ⲅoom , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .. . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rоom , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency roоm , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooms , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency salle , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency chambre , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency courtrooms , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency sala , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hos pital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hosptal bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospiatl bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , հospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hоspital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hoѕpital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hosрital bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospіtal bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospi𝚝al bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospitɑl bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospitaⅼ bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospitals bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , clinic bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck !a genuine mind-bender .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospitalization bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospitalized bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politicsa huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .. . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observaci√≥n de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospitalised bed or insuranϲe compɑny office .
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny offi ce .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny ofice .
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny ofifce .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny оffice .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny o𝚏fice .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny of𝚏ice .
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny offіce .
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .. . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny offiϲe .
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny officе .
tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
a solidly entertaining little film .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny desk .
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny offices .
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureaus .
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny ministry .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs o ffice , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs ofice , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs оffice , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs o𝚏fice , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs of𝚏ice , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs offіce , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs offiϲe , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs officе , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs bureau , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs desk , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs offices , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs bureaus , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs ministry , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital b ed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bd or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital Ьed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them ." what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bеd or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital beԁ or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bedside or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bedtime or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital riverbed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital sleeper or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital cot or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emerge ncy rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emegency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergecny rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , еmergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , eｍergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emеrgency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . 'if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emeⲅgency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emerɡency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergеncy rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergeոcy rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergenϲy rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergencу rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , contingency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergencies rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , contingencies rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , urgency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , eventuality rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone wh o's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
works as pretty contagious fun .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone wh's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone wh'os increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone ԝho's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone wհo's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone whо's increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who`s increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who'ѕ increasingly waited in a docto'rs office , emergency rooｍ , hospital bed or insuranϲe compɑny bureau .
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
[UNK] an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay !oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
generates [UNK] enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
generates an [UNK] feeling of empathy for its characters .
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . 'the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next .
generates an enormous [UNK] of empathy for its characters .
smarter than its commercials make it seem .
generates an enormous feeling [UNK] empathy for its characters .
great character interaction .
generates an enormous feeling of [UNK] for its characters .
one of the funnier movies in town .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy [UNK] its characters .
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for [UNK] characters .
by turns very dark and very funny .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its [UNK] .
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
ge nerates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
generats an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
gneerates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life .
ɡenerates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
gеnerates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
geոerates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perd√£o do trocadilho ) , n√£o h√° como negar o brilhantismo da argumenta√ß√£o de seu diretor .
genеrates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
geneⲅates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
generɑtes an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
genera𝚝es an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
generatеs an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
begets an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
engenders an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
produces an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
generate an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift .
creates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empat hy for its characters .
there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empthy for its characters .
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of epmathy for its characters .
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of еmpathy for its characters .
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of eｍpathy for its characters .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of emрathy for its characters .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .. it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empɑthy for its characters .
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empa𝚝hy for its characters .
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empatհy for its characters .
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathу for its characters .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its characters .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of sympathy for its characters .
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of compassion for its characters .
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of compassionate for its characters .
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of sympathetic for its characters .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its c haracters .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its charactes .
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its charatcers .
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its ϲharacters .
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its cհaracters .
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its chɑracters .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its chaⲅacters .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its charɑcters .
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girlswith the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its charaϲters .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its charac𝚝ers .
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its charactеrs .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its characteⲅs .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , originalspinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its characterѕ .
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its personages .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its character .
manages to delight without much of a story .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its traits .
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its nature .
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
generateѕ an enormous feeling of empathetic for its trait .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
generateѕ an en ormous feeling of empathetic for its character .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
generateѕ an enormus feeling of empathetic for its character .
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't .
generateѕ an enromous feeling of empathetic for its character .
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women .
generateѕ an еnormous feeling of empathetic for its character .
an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
generateѕ an eոormous feeling of empathetic for its character .
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
generateѕ an enоrmous feeling of empathetic for its character .
sex with strangers is fascinating . . .
generateѕ an enoⲅmous feeling of empathetic for its character .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
generateѕ an enorｍous feeling of empathetic for its character .
a wry , affectionate delight .
generateѕ an enormоus feeling of empathetic for its character .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
generateѕ an enormoսs feeling of empathetic for its character .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
generateѕ an enormouѕ feeling of empathetic for its character .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
generateѕ an immense feeling of empathetic for its character .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
generateѕ an huge feeling of empathetic for its character .
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
generateѕ an colossal feeling of empathetic for its character .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
generateѕ an massive feeling of empathetic for its character .
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
generateѕ an mammoth feeling of empathetic for its character .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
generateѕ an massive feeli ng of empathetic for its character .
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
generateѕ an massive feeing of empathetic for its character .
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
generateѕ an massive feleing of empathetic for its character .
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
generateѕ an massive 𝚏eeling of empathetic for its character .
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
generateѕ an massive fеeling of empathetic for its character .
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
generateѕ an massive feеling of empathetic for its character .
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
generateѕ an massive feeⅼing of empathetic for its character .
another best of the year selection .
generateѕ an massive feelіng of empathetic for its character .
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
generateѕ an massive feeliոg of empathetic for its character .
it's a very valuable film . . .
generateѕ an massive feelinɡ of empathetic for its character .
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished .
generateѕ an massive impression of empathetic for its character .
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
generateѕ an massive sentiment of empathetic for its character .
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
generateѕ an massive sensation of empathetic for its character .
intriguing and stylish .
generateѕ an massive sense of empathetic for its character .
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday .
generateѕ an massive feel of empathetic for its character .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
[UNK] the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . .
exposing [UNK] ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is .[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
exposing the [UNK] we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
exposing the ways [UNK] fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
exposing the ways we [UNK] ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
exposing the ways we fool [UNK] is one hour photo's real strength .
spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves [UNK] one hour photo's real strength .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is [UNK] hour photo's real strength .
the best film of the year 2002 .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one [UNK] photo's real strength .
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour [UNK] real strength .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's [UNK] strength .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real [UNK] .
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real st rength .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strengh .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strentgh .
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy ." austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real ѕtrength .
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real s𝚝rength .
schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real stⲅength .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strеngth .
although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real streոgth .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strenɡth .
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real streng𝚝h .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strengtհ .
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real fortitude .
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real kraft .
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real vigour .
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real vigor .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real toughness .
with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry .
[UNK] up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
it's [UNK] to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
it's up [UNK] you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
it's up to [UNK] to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon .
it's up to you [UNK] decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
it's up to you to [UNK] whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potentialit's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
it's up to you to decide [UNK] to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving .
it's up to you to decide whether [UNK] admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
it's up to you to decide whether to [UNK] these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire [UNK] people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these [UNK] dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's [UNK] to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '. . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication [UNK] their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to [UNK] cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their [UNK] or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause [UNK] be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or [UNK] repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be [UNK] by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled [UNK] their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
many insightful moments .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by [UNK] dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their [UNK] , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , [UNK] and narrow , fearful view of american life .
a tour de force of modern cinema .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness [UNK] narrow , fearful view of american life .
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and [UNK] , fearful view of american life .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , [UNK] view of american life .
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful [UNK] of american life .
the performances are an absolute joy .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view [UNK] american life .
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of [UNK] life .
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american [UNK] .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repel led by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be reelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repeleld by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be ⲅepelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be rеpelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be reрelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repеlled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repeⅼled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelⅼed by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repellеd by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy clich√© of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelleԁ by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repulsed by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repulse by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be postponed by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repel by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be deferred by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
